Smoking is one of the worst habits in the world, but there are still so many people smoking everywhere. So should smoking be banned at all restaurants in the country? The answer is positive. A cigarette includes a lot of harmful materials. As you know, it's pernicious for our health. Smoking negatively influences not only the person who smokes, but also the other person who smells the smoke. If plenty of people smoke in public places, human beings' health will be harmed, even if they haven't smoked ever. After all, it is unfair to let somebody smoke anywhere around them and destroy their bodies. Of course, restaurants are the places where we can enjoy our life. We should eat food with happy feelings. A cigarette can attract your attention, and then you will forget what you are enjoying. It's a bad habit that disrespects nature. We'd better be grateful for the entire world. Besides, smoking in restaurants easily causes fire accidents. People often forget to put out the cigarette, which causes the accidents. Out of the many things that the above has shown us, the most important thing is that a lot of people can die in fires. The sad experience warns us to be careful with smoking. In other words, smoking leads to too many unhappy things, and so it should be banned at all restaurants in the country.﻿Wherever you go, you may certainly find people smoking, especially at restaurants. Smoking has become a widespread phenomenon. Men, women and even children have the habit of smoking. We don't have the right to stop them from smoking, but the law can decide where they can smoke and where they can't. As such, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking can release one's stress indeed, but its disadvantages outweigh the advantages. It is harmful to our body, especially the lungs. The smoke that smokers release also does harm to nonsmokers. Restaurants are public places where people have meals, and so the environment must be clear. Smoking in the restaurants not only pollutes the environment but also pollutes the food. What's more, smoke can spread freely in the restaurant, which is to say, all the customers in the restaurant will suffer from the awful gas, and the quality of the environment cannot be assured, nor the meals enjoyed. Hence, banning smoking in restaurants is a wise act and we must conduct it as soon as possible not only to make the dining environment more comfortable but also to make us more harmonious and healthier. Only when we do that can we enjoy our meals in the restaurant with delight.﻿It is reported by the World Health Organization that there have been more than five million deaths caused by smoking. It is easy to see that smoking is very bad for our health. What's worse, second-hand smoking hurts our bodies without our knowledge. This problem is so serious that we have to do something to protect ourselves. The most effective and easiest suggestion is banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Most people in the world don't like to smoke and large numbers of them even hate it because of its uncomfortable gas. So banning smoking not only meets people's will, but also saves their lives. Tobacco is also very expensive, which means that smoking wastes a lot of money, and that quitting smoking can save money. The restaurant is the most important pubic place in our daily life, so banning smoking here can lead to the biggest and best effects. We do not want to be hurt when we have a good time, which would be very disappointing. Another reason is that a restaurant is a closed space with minimal airflow. People do not move often in restaurants, so bad gas can't be dispelled and can cause great harm. There is no benefit that we can take from smoking. Smoking greatly hurts smokers' and others' health. Thus, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I am 100 percent with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in restaurants can not only give rise to unpleasantness, but also cause harm to other guests' health. As the air circulation is not good in a restaurant, the smell of smoke will probably affect other people. This little activity may completely ruin a dinner; how can you do that! On the other hand, there is no need for me to throw light on the harm of second-hand smoking because everybody knows it! Guests should not smoke in a restaurant, and neither should the cooks and the waiters, because the ash and smoke could directly get into the food and then get eaten by the customers. Meanwhile, smoking being banned does not mean that you could not smoke during a meal. If you cannot afford to live without a cigarette at the moment, it is OK for you to smoke outside. Maybe it is a little inconvenient, but for other people's sakes, do not complain! For the two reasons mentioned above, and the fact that you can still smoke outside the restaurant during a meal, put your hands up to show that you are with me! Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.﻿It is common sense that smoking does great harm to people's health. Thus, I am for the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, a small cigarette contains a great amount of harmful substances. Undoubtedly, the one smoking is constantly exposing his lungs to those substances, which, according to many researches, damage not only the lungs but also the heart and digestive system. Besides, second-hand smokers are victims as well. Although they are not addicted to smoking, they are affected unconsciously when staying in a room full of poisonous smoke. The restaurant is a place where people enjoy themselves by eating delicious food. As a result, a clean and comfortable environment should be provided instead of one that is full of cigarette smoke. At least, the health of children cannot be ignored. In other words, these are the very reasons why we should do something. In fact, some countries have banned smoking in public places years ago. Facing an increasing rate of diseases caused by smoking, we may as well try to take forceful measures, such as making laws, to reduce smoking in public places, and now, to stop smoking in all public places.﻿Recently, several bans forbidding smoking in all restaurants have been published, which has brought on heated discussions. As far as I'm concerned, to those bans I can't agree more. The reasons are just as follows: first and foremost, smoking is basically harmful to people's health, especially to the lungs, which can lead to fatal diseases, such as cancer. Secondly, as a restaurant is a public location, smoking there can not only hurt smokers themselves, but also do harm to those around them. What's worse, if there is a pregnant woman in the restaurant, the harm can be catastrophic. Thirdly, as there might be many non-smokers in the restaurant, perhaps even some smoking-sensitive people, smoking can lead to quarrelling, which will destroy the harmony and influence consumers' moods in the restaurant. Last but not least, even considering that several smokers are addicted to smoking, many other spaces outside of restaurants are still provided for them. All in all, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. In order to realize this aim, it is not enough that only the government implements some bans. Citizens, both smokers and non-smokers, ought to join in this campaign. Smokers can remind themselves that smoking is banned in the restaurant when they have the desire to take a cigarette out. Non-smokers can give advice to those who want to smoke during dinner to not smoke instead of just tolerating them or quarrelling with them directly. Only in these ways can smoking be completely banned in all restaurants in the country.﻿No one can deny the fact that smoking is harmful to our health, even the cigarette packaging says that. As lots of researches have shown time and again, quitting smoking contributes to the decrease of lung cancer incidence. Further, with every month that passes, there is more research showing the benefits of quitting, and the drawbacks of not quitting. Obviously, it is high time that we took some measures to solve this problem, and the smoking ban does help a lot. To start with, the smoking ban is the wave of the future. During recent years, people have paid more and more attention to their physical conditions. In some public spaces, like restaurants, people are forced to inhale second-hand smoke. Non-smokers long exposed to second-hand smoke suffer even more harm than smokers. Furthermore, for the smokers, if they know smoking is banned at the restaurant, they may smoke later. Since they can't see other people smoke, their desire for cigarettes may abate. Over a span of time, they may be less addicted to cigarettes. Lastly, the smoking ban also brings benefits to our society by contributing to the improvement of our social morality. Honestly, we still have a long way to go as regards the smoking ban, but we can reach the goal step by step. As far as we can see, banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is a good policy. Only in this way can we finally make the smoking ban come true!﻿Along with the rapid development of society, more and more problems are being brought to our attention, one of which is that our health is weaker than maybe 30 years ago, when our parents were teenagers. There are so many bad habits accounting for this issue. Smoking is one of these concerns, particularly smoking in public places. If people ask me whether we should ban smoking in public places, as far as I am concerned, I would agree that we should ban smoking in unsuitable situations, particularly in restaurants. Firstly, you are unconsciously harming the health of the people around you, no matter whether you are willing to or not. It is unfair for others to bear the bad effects of smoking. People come to have meals in restaurants; they don't come to get harmed by second-hand smoke. In the second place, it is considered impolite to smoke before many non-smokers. Gentlemen will never smoke before a lady and will speak ill of smoking. Last but not least, smoking is obviously breaking down your health, wherever you smoke, as cigarettes contain a variety of poisonous materials. Taking all of the above into account, we can easily draw the conclusion that banning smoking in public places is essential and that getting rid of smoking is also necessary. Thus, we should ban smoking completely in restaurants for both smokers’ and nonsmokers' health.﻿Smoking may be the most usual thing that can be seen in China. Both men and women smoke here and there. We all know that smoking is very harmful to our health, so banning smoking is very necessary, especially at all restaurants. Obviously, restaurants are the places where we take a meal. There are many different people together there. If there are too many people smoking at restaurants, it may lead to many serious problems. Firstly, it will make the restaurants chaotic. We all hope that we can have a meal in a good atmosphere. It is very hard for us to tolerate eating food in a bad environment where there is so much smoke. Secondly, smoking would produce much cigarette ash. It is very easy to make restaurants dirty with cigarette ash. We also can't have a meal in a dirty place. Thirdly and most importantly, smoking at restaurants is too harmful for our health. To start with, it is harmful to smokers. Smoking too much is very unhealthy for the lungs and the liver. Thus, forbidding smoking at restaurants is mainly good for smokers. Besides, it can be good for others at the restaurants. As we all know, smoking may cause more serious harm to people who don't smoke than to smokers themselves, especially when it comes to children. In any case, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. Everyone should applaud this wise idea, shouldn’t we?﻿Smoking is a habit that is very bad and destroys the smoker. It affects the health of the person smoking or in the atmosphere of smokers. It completely destroys the respiratory system, including the lungs and the respiratory tubes, and causes a very dangerous type of cancer. Smoking includes the use of the common cigarette to that of a developed form of cigarette that includes heroine. It involves every dangerous narcotic. Its ingredients that are very dangerous to the health are tobacco and nicotine. Nicotine is very dangerous to the memory of a person. Along with causing health problems, it is a habit that is very expensive. One has to spend a lot of money to keep up this habit. If one has no money, one does crimes to fulfill one’s need. Smoking completely destroys a person. The damages affect both physical and psychological health. A person with such a habit cannot do his work properly. He cannot give the proper time to his family. His health would be down day by day, as the average strength of a smoker is 70% of the strength of a non-smoker. This habit is very common in young boys. We should take steps against such a habit. Seminars should be arranged against smoking, as smoking is very dangerous to our health.