Now many parents and teachers disagree that college students should have their own part-time jobs because they believe that students will spend their study time on working. But I do not think so. I think a part-time job is one of the most important things in college life. It will be the precious experience in your whole life for several reasons. Firstly, a part-time job is a good way to fill your spare time after class. Many students spend time on shopping, singing or playing computer games, which are pointless. Why not take a part-time job instead of participating in those entertainments? You can even earn some money from the job by yourselves at least. Secondly, a part-time job can add to your career experience, which is a very useful part in your future life after you graduate. You will learn much knowledge that cannot be found in school lessons. Social experience is the biggest advantage for graduated students when they interview for jobs. It's easier to find jobs for those who have accumulated experiences in part-time jobs. Thirdly, as a matter of fact, a lot of college students are from poor families, so taking a part-time job for them is one of the ways to afford their college fees. Although the money may not be enough, that is all they have earned by themselves. From what I have said, it is important to college students to have a part-time job. Studying must also receive our attentions, so we should balance the part-time job with studying well. After all, the first job of students is studying.﻿In my opinion, I strongly agree with the idea that it is important for our college students to have a part-time job. Now we can see everywhere that students take part-time jobs like private teacher, seller and so on. Why do they do these jobs? What advantages benefit them? I think the main reason is money. With the improvement of our living standards, a lot of study materials are more expensive than before. Then the student has to take up some jobs to reduce considerable financial pressure. By doing so, we can also have the ability to travel or buy some items we like. We also hope that through this way, we can no longer be dependent on our parents. In addition, we can also accumulate some social experience. From kindergarten to high school, what we have learned is totally the knowledge from books. In this way, work experience offers a lot of benefits to our future jobs. In a word, there are many advantages for our college students to have some jobs: we not only make money, but also develop our independence. Thus, if you have a lot of free time after class, try to look for a part-time job and you will not regret it.﻿As we all know, some college students have part-time jobs to support their lives in college, and other students spend their parents' money to live their lives. Many times it's hard for us to say who is right or who is wrong. But in the common opinions of society, as well as in my opinion, it is important for college students to have part-time jobs for several reasons. Firstly, having part-time jobs to support college students' lives in college can reduce their parents' financial burden. Our parents no longer have to give money to us or can give less money to us. It can help with the whole family's expenses. Secondly, having part-time jobs can develop our abilities. If we have a part-time job, we will know the society or interpersonal relationships better, and we may make friends with more people. It's useful for our future work. In other words, we can prepare for our future. In a word, working opens our eyes. Finally, using the money that we have earned by ourselves will make us feel great. We all know that food made by ourselves tastes more delicious, and the house built by ourselves feels more comfortable. In the same way, spending the money earned by ourselves is more fulfilling. No matter where you come from—a poor family, a rich family, or a well-off family—having part-time jobs can help you in many ways. So it is important for college students to have part-time jobs.﻿There is no complete agreement among the students about whether we should take part-time jobs. Many students hold the opinion that we should have part-time jobs. However, there are also a lot of students with a different view. The people who hold the first view think it is helpful and wise to take part-time jobs. Firstly, they think that they can develop their experience and capacities during working. It is obvious that this can prepare them for jobs in the future. Second, they can acquire money on their own, cultivating their independence and skills. Finally, they can meet and interact with a lot of people and learn from them what cannot be taught in school. In contrast, the people who take the second view think that it's not suitable for students to have part-time jobs. Students' primary task is to study, without being distracted from the knowledge that they should gain in school. If they are distracted, they may lose the opportunity of finding a better job after graduation. Thus, it is not right for them to spend their energy and time on a part-time job. Weighing the two kinds of views, I think it is beneficial for us to try to have a part-time job without putting all our time and energy into it.﻿Nowadays, more and more college students think it is of great value and necessity to get a part-time job. For me, I am also one of them. I fully agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job for the following reasons. Firstly, gaining a part-time job is not only for the purpose of earning money. What values more is the experience you get to enhance your abilities and skills such as communication, independence, problem-solving, and so on. That is to say, you can do things on your own if you gain some experience from a part-time job. Secondly, it is a good opportunity for getting involved in society and forming a foundation for your future work. We are students but we are also adults now. Therefore, the campus is not the only place we should stay in. Outside school, you will see more interesting things. However, what I want to say is that a job will certainly take much of your spare time to the extent that you may feel stressed. Thus, you should learn to schedule your time before working. In that way, I believe you can balance your time and lead a colorful college life.﻿I agree with the point that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are reasons why a part-time job is important. First, it can improve our abilities which cannot be learned in class, like communicating with each other. Second, every company that you want to apply to consider real job experiences as a very important thing. So when interviewing, you will gain advantages over other people by owning a part-time job. Further, a part time job is really a preparation for one's future professional job. However, as a college student, the study of textbooks seems very important, and we have to take all kinds of tests. Doing a part-time job may have a negative effect on the score of tests, and may cause very serious impacts. If your scores are low, you may even lose the ability to graduate from school. Working at a part time job may influence you to see the negative side of our society, eventually causing a negative effect on your mind. Thus, I think it is very important to balance our part-time jobs with our university life. Getting high scores while doing a part-time job is a task that not everyone can achieve. As such, we should give up the part-time job at a certain point.﻿Today, more and more college students tend to have a part-time job. Is this good or bad? As far as I am concerned, it depends on the time you spend in doing it. If you spend a proper amount of time on it, you can benefit a lot from it. Firstly, having a part-time job can enrich the student's social experiences. He will meet all kinds of people in his job and during this period, he will learn how to deal with them. This can improve his ability in communicating with others. What's more, it's not until a student makes money by himself that he learns that acquiring a living is not an easy task. In this case, he will be more understanding towards his parents and learn to manage his money properly. However, having a part-time job also has disadvantages if you spend too much time on it. Having a job means that our studying time can't be guaranteed. For us students, studying is our major duty. Once you have a part-time job, the problems in your job might prevent you from being fully absorbed in your major studies. Thus, just as each coin has two sides, taking up a part-time job has both advantages and disadvantages. It's all up to you whether you can really learn something from it.﻿What are college students doing at school? Studying. Yes! But many would say that they are doing part-time jobs at the same time. Of course, it is of great importance! Evidently, most of us students are adults now. As an adult, it will be shameful for us to ask our parents for money. To be financially independent is the perfect way to claim that we are independent individuals now, that we are no longer kids under the protection of our parents! Secondly, and also most importantly, having a part-time job allows you to be involved in society. It allows you to find out what the people outside of school look like, how they behave, and how hard it is for us to make money to support ourselves. After going through all of the difficulties that we will encounter, we will gain a lot of experiences. When we graduate and when we next step into society, we will be confident that we are already well-prepared and that we can do it. Thus, we will learn that money is not easy to earn and that our parents are great. We ought to respect them and appreciate what they have done for us. I'm sure we will be more mature and more considerate to others. Working at part-time jobs is a way to see what life really means. Get ready to have a part-time job and try your best to prevent it from having a bad effect on your studies, and then you will be pleasantly surprised!﻿Whether it is important to have a part-time job is a hot topic for college students to argue. Different people have different views. Some students advocate the idea for several reasons. One reason is that we college students should be responsible for ourselves, and a part-time job can provide us the opportunity to make money, so that we would not have to ask our parents for allowances. It can also relieve the financial pressure of our parents. Another reason is that through a part-time job, we can gain a lot of experience. Besides, it will be good for us to prepare for our future jobs. As the competition is fiercer in society, the more experience you have, the more chances you will have to succeed. However, other students are against this idea. They hold that as a student, we should focus our attention on studying. Working at a part-time job will require much of our time and energy. The life and property security of a part-time worker are also not well-protected by the law. From my own perspective, as we enter university and gain more free time, it is important for us to choose how to use our free time. We should make the most of it and be the master of it. From my own experience, I am working in a restaurant in my free time, and I am happy to have the job.﻿I totally approve of the point that it’s important for college students to have a part-time job. As current college students, we should take an active part in the part-time job, if we accomplish our studying tasks first. With the constant development of the economy and society, everyone, including students, is faced with great challenges. Many students who graduate from university cannot find a satisfying job. They also suffer from great pressure. Having a part-time job can benefit students who will enter into society to some extent. First of all, students can improve their other abilities through the work experience. Moreover, they can familiarize themselves with the society in depth. Besides, students are informed of the fact that society isn't favorable to everyone. Those who long for great success and an enjoyable career must exert themselves to study hard. In this sense, students are alerted about the hardship through the part-time job. Take me for example: I once worked as a waitress in a small hotel. During this period, I had to serve customers and take their orders. I served dishes and rice for them, and I was rather tired during these days. Though the pay was low, I was excited. I learned that everyone should spare no efforts to do something if they hunger for a better life in society. I will commit myself to studying hard. All in all, there are important advantages for college students to do a part-time job during their time in university.