Some people hold that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However, I don't agree with this opinion. I have some reasons to support and explain my opinion. For one thing, everyone has his or her own hobby. No one likes others to change his or her hobby. If somebody likes to smoke, we have no right to prevent them from having dinners at restaurants for this reason. For another thing, restaurants are public places, and while smoking at public places is not good, we can do nothing but advise smokers. However, the restaurants' owners can set up a room for smokers. When they want to smoke, they should go to that room to smoke. This can separate smokers from most customers, and I believe more and more customers will be interested in the restaurants that reserve a room for smokers. With this method in restaurants, both smokers and other customers will be happy. Thus, it is difficult to completely ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country because we can do other things to solve this problem. However, as we all know, smoking is an immediate threat to health; it can cause serious cancer. As such, we all had better smoke less.﻿For many years, smoking has been a hot topic for people all over the world. People always say that smoking is harmful to our health and that we should reduce the population of smokers. Nevertheless, should smoking be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country? My answer to this question is yes. On the one hand, smoking does less good than harm to our health. As a restaurant is a place of eating and drinking, if one person in the restaurant starts smoking, it will pollute the whole air of the restaurant. Those people around the smokers will not have the good mood to have their meals any longer. Some scientists say that second-hand smoke is more dangerous in many cases. We know that people in restaurants all want to be healthy. On the other hand, smoking in the restaurant may cause the restaurant to catch on fire easily. It is dangerous for us to have a meal in a dangerous place. I read some articles in the newspapers that indicated that some restaurants caught on fire because smokers threw their cigarettes into some places in the restaurants after smoking. Thus, because of the reasons above, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Let us keep our eating environments healthy.﻿Nowadays, it is generally accepted that smoking is becoming more and more of a problem in our country. This phenomenon brings great damage, especially when it relates to smoking in restaurants. Some think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants; others don’t think so. I prefer the former one because I have some reasons below. There are many reasons accounting for my opinion. On the one hand, smoking in restaurants will damage smokers’ health and also other people's health. Most people know that smoking is harmful and can lead to many terrible diseases. It is not fair for non-smokers to get diseases because they sit together with smokers in restaurants. So we must insist on the ban. On the other hand, smoking will damage the environment. People want to eat in a clean restaurant. The unclean environment of the restaurant will make people unhappy and have a bad effect on them. People will not like the restaurants if there are many smokers inside. Clearly, if we are blind to this problem, it is very likely that restaurants will receive more and more complaints about smoking. We must pay attention to this problem.﻿I disagree with the view that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. My reasons are below. Completely banning smoking at all the restaurants does not fit with the world of reality because a lot of men smoke now. As such, it would be impossible to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants at the present. If smoking is banned in all the restaurants, many men may be against this ban. Many men who smoke think that it is not reasonable to ban smoking in all the restaurants. Further, those smokers will not go to the restaurants with the ban, which will bring trouble to the restaurants. They will have business problems. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, it is harmful for the interests of the restaurants. All the restaurants will give way to men's attitudes. Although smoking is not good for the health of the people, men don't want to give up smoking. They say that smoking helps them in many ways. Some say that they feel happier by smoking and forget troubles by smoking. All the restaurants will allow men to smoke, for all the restaurants want to get more financial gain. I think maybe we can do another thing to solve the smoking problem in restaurants but not completely ban smoking in the restaurants in the country right now.﻿Generally speaking, I don't agree with the idea of topic B, which is that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Now, I like to discuss the reasons for my opinion. To begin with, smoking in the restaurant is a right. Restaurants are public places for all customers, so no one is qualified to limit who can go to them. What's more, people should observe the law, and not just do anything that they want to do. In the next place, we can reserve a smoking room for those people who are already addicted to smoking. In this way, we protect the smokers' personal rights. Additionally, when smokers eat in the restaurants, they will not disturb the other customers. Then, the quantity of cigarettes sold will decrease, thereby affecting the economy of the society immediately. On the other hand, which is the last point, this ban will not only incite smokers' negative moods, but also lead to the development of a social trend. Some smokers think that smoking can help them solve difficult problems and relax their thought. In the end, to draw a conclusion from above, I strongly believe that smoking shouldn't be banned at all the restaurants in the country. We can take some other ways to solve the problem of smoking in restaurants.﻿In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. I have some reasons to support my idea. Smoking is an unhealthy habit because cigarettes contain burnt soil and something that can cause cancer. It also destroys people’s bodies. Smokers usually have some diseases. People having smoked for a long time are killing themselves day by day. What is more, it is obvious that the people who eat with them breathe in the same polluted air, which leads to people losing interest in what they are tasting. Further, the second-hand smoke is harmful to their health too. If the law of banning gets through, the atmosphere of restaurants will be more perfect, and the good smell of delicious food plus nothing else will fill the whole room. The more fresh air they breathe and the less smoke they inhale, the longer life they will have. The cleaning of public places should not only be applied to the restaurant. The dining room should be completely devoid of smoke too. If all the restaurants are clean, I believe more people will benefit from this. So all in all, the government should do something to ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country now.﻿In recent years, many people are talking about whether or not to ban smoking in restaurants. As far as I'm concerned, smoking should be banned in all public places including restaurants, because it has a bad influence on the health of people. On the one hand, smoking causes diseases in many people. We know from books that smoking harms not only the people who smoke but also all the people who sit around them. In some magazines, some scientists say that second-hand smoke is more dangerous sometimes than first-hand smoke. Many people die because of second-hand smoke. In restaurants, the people who smoke are harming the people who are having meals in the same place at the same time. On the other hand, smoking makes the air in the restaurants terrible. In our country, many times I have had meals in restaurants where someone sitting close to me has been smoking. It has made me feel uncomfortable but I never know what to do. I am sure that smoking is harmful to everyone. There is no denying that if smoking is banned in all public places like restaurants, most of us will breathe in fresher and cleaner air and have a happier meal. We would not have to worry about smoke in restaurants any longer.﻿With social development, forbidding smoking takes a more and more important place in the development of civil society. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because smoking is bad for our health, smoking in restaurants causes bad effects on other people, and we need to build a more harmonious society. First, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is harmful to our bodies, especially while there is smoke in a restaurant. As we all know, cigarettes equal poison. However, we can't ban cigarettes due to the contribution to the economy given by cigarette companies. So what we can do is to stop smoking in restaurants to protect people from second-hand smoke. Second, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking in a restaurant may annoy other people. From my perspective, smoking in public is rude, for smoking is a kind of private behavior, and many people hate the smell of smoke. So smoking in a restaurant may make people feel unhappy. Last, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because we need a more harmonious society. According to what has been mentioned above, smoking makes other people feel uncomfortable, physically and mentally. Therefore, it is against what we are seeking—a harmonious society. In that case, to get a better image, to build a civil society, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. All in all, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, as smoking in restaurants is harmful to our bodies as well as our mental and social development.﻿I absolutely agree with the point that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. A restaurant is a place for people to have a nice dinner with their family. Smoking will destroy the warm atmosphere and also do harm to people's health. Someone may say that smoking depends on personal preferences, but it is a selfish behavior. It will make other people unhealthy. The important thing is that smoking can shorten one's life. It's very terrible. Personally, I do not like the people who smoke in public places. As is known to all, smoking just increases the risk of cancer in people. Moreover, second-hand smokers are more influenced by the smoke than smokers are. Especially in public places, smoking is extremely harmful. The smoke from cigarettes is poisonous gas. If there is no one smoking in a restaurant, people will enjoy themselves more and more. The law may make smokers give up smoking so it would also be beneficial for them. A professor called Peter in a Hong Kong university said, “One cigarette can kill at least 50 mice.” Smoking just makes people feel bored with no benefits. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants and people should do this by themselves. We have an obligation to make sure that people have healthier lives.﻿There has recently been a heated discussion about banning smoking in restaurants. I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. I used to ask some people why they would want to smoke. They answered that there are many reasons for it. The first guy said that his work and family gave him much stress, and smoking seemed to be the only way for him to release the pressure. Moreover, smoking has been like his best friend, one to whom he could tell everything that he wanted to say. The second guy also had the same reasons as the first guy. In addition, he thought that if he could smoke a good cigarette, he would look like a rich man. So I thought smoking was a way to show one's riches. Through the analysis, I think smoking in all restaurants is nothing but harmful. There are three reasons to support my ideas. First, smoking is usually bad for our health, and if he or she is smoking in the restaurant, the smoke will spread out all over the restaurant, and other people will also be affected by the smoke. Second, as using a good cigarette to show off one's riches is not a good social trend, we should ban this bad social trend together and encourage people not to smoke in restaurants anymore. Third, a restaurant is a place where some people can eat food or chat with others. As such, if you are smoking in the restaurant, you may affect other people’s ability to eat food happily. To sum up, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.