Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? Yes, it should. Some smokers may feel that their freedom to smoke will be limited, but smoking in public places, especially in restaurants, may give rise to some problems. It is widely accepted that smoking does harm to our health. Smoking can increase the possibility of catching some cancers. According to some international surveys, the number of people who die of cancers related to smoking has increased rapidly over the years. What's more, smoking influences not only the health of smokers, but also that of second-hand smokers. The ban on smoking at all the restaurants can certainly reduce the effects of second-hand smoking. In this way, it is a quite reasonable rule that all customers should obey. To ban smoking in restaurants can also help educate teenagers. As we all know, the number of teenagers who smoke has been rising rapidly. Instead of telling the children that it is not a good habit to smoke, the non-smoking signs in restaurants can lead the children to recognize the dangers more easily. Of course, it is of great significance for a successful restaurant to keep a clean and comfortable atmosphere. Customers may feel uncomfortable and uneasy when exposed to smoke in restaurants. How can a restaurant provide satisfactory service to its customers when the customers feel a sense of not being at home? After all, restaurants are public places in which to eat and enjoy ourselves. Smoke can easily affect the quality of a restaurant's services. Given these reasons, we can now draw the conclusion that the ban on smoking at all the restaurants is reasonable and necessary.﻿Whether smoking should be banned at all restaurants has become a controversial issue, arousing great public concern. Personally, I think it is important to ban smoking at restaurants and that we should not allow this condition in restaurants anymore. First and foremost, there's no denying that smoking does harm to smokers and others in the meantime. Although some people are addicted to smoking, they are supposed to pay more attention to the health of others in public. Moreover, it is commonly believed that smoking destroys the elegant atmosphere in the restaurant. Non-smokers don't want to get harmed by cigarette smoke in restaurants. They come to the restaurants to have meals in happiness. Therefore, I suggest that the government should create a place especially for the smokers and the problem will be solved gradually. Last but not least, educated as most Chinese people are, it is crucial for us to behave formally and gently in public. In summary, taking many factors into consideration, I hope that this phenomenon will disappear after the struggles of so many people. Besides, our government had better take actions to protect the environment at restaurants and solve the problem as soon as possible.﻿With more importance being attached to health, people are beginning to search for different ways to stay healthy. Of course, as stress from people's daily life increases more and more, the number of people who smoke increases as well. Nonetheless, there is a problem concerning whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my view, it is needed. First, smoking causes many deaths from lung cancers. Second-hand smoke affects pregnant women, children and elderly people more. Smoking is also a bad example for teens and young adults, as it shows that it is okay to smoke. Smoking should be banned in restaurants. Whether there is a non-smoking section or a smoking section does nothing. The smoke still spreads throughout the restaurant. Some people are sensitive to cigarette smoke. Further, smoking doesn't just cause damage to other people’s health, it is smelly as well. People who are non-smokers do not want to smell like smoke. Thus, this ban must be implemented. A non-smoking person should be able to sit down in a restaurant and not inhale unhealthy smoke while they eat. If people want to smoke, they can go outside, or if the restaurant is smart enough, it would create a whole new room that is separate from the non-smokers. As far as I am concerned, it is necessary to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.﻿Nowadays, there has been a heated discussion about whether smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. People who smoke argue that the ban takes away their freedom. However, nonsmokers advocate it as a good rule. From my perspective, I think that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Firstly, smoking, which will bring many diseases, does harm to our health. Besides, smoking releases much smoke into the air, which pollutes our environment. What's more, many people cannot put up with the smoke, which makes them sick. It is not surprising that banning smoking in all restaurants will promote workers’ efficiency. Therefore, it is very important and necessary to us to ban smoking in all restaurants. If one wants to smoke, he can smoke in private. My suggestion is that they should give up smoking. It is beneficial to both our health and the environment. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Only in this way can we breathe fresher air in the future! Today, more and more people all over the world want to give up smoking. If you're not a smoker, don't start. In fact, smoking is a bad habit, which causes great harm to people's health.﻿Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? About this ban, different people hold different views. Some people agree and some people don't agree with it. In my opinion, I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. There are a large number of smokers. Many people have the habit of smoking. What's more, some of them are addicted to it. They can't live without it, so they will smoke in public places such as restaurants. However, nonsmokers hate it; they hate to smell the smoke. They even complain that they are inhaling second-hand smoke in restaurants, which would do great harm to their health. Therefore, smoking is really harmful to people in restaurants. It will also affect people's appetite. I hate those who smoke in the restaurant. Firstly, it does harm to everyone. Secondly, I think it is an irresponsible behavior. Last but not least, it can pollute the clean air. Nowadays, more and more people have come to know that smoking is bad for people's health. It can lead to lung cancer and heart problems. Some smokers have also decided to give up smoking. Some of them also think that the law banning smoking can encourage them to give up smoking. Above all, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants.﻿Smoking has been a serious problem for too long a period. In the whole country, measures have been carried out to prohibit smoking in many public places, such as restaurants. As far as I'm concerned, I'm definitely in favor of this rule. What has been taken into consideration in this rule is first and foremost the health of people. Smoking has been criticized for decades. As is so often pointed out, smoking for a long time is likely to result in lung cancer. However, there are certain quantities of people who just cannot give up the "terrific" feeling of having a cigarette, even though they are clearly aware that they are risking their health. It's not other people's business if they only smoke alone, but when they're smoking in public places, especially in restaurants, more concerns should be taken into consideration. Numerous statistics show that "second-hand" smoking is more harmful than smoking directly. Therefore, when a person is enjoying his/her cigarette in restaurants, where people may not be able to stay away from the smoking immediately, s/he is putting the people around her/him in danger, including those who never lay their hands on a cigarette. So, it is reasonable to ban this behavior that is done in no regard of other people. In the second place, the smog and smell produced by cigarettes may make people feel uncomfortable. Usually, a popular restaurant is crowded with people, which has already decreased the quality of the atmosphere in these places. If the smog given out by cigarettes adds to it, many people can barely enjoy their dishes. Besides, the smell is also not pleasant to those who don't smoke at all. Take myself as an example; I can't help sneezing even from a slight smell of a burning cigarette. It's definitely a catastrophe to me if I have to put up with the smog during my dinner. In conclusion, I'm fully convinced that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country.﻿Despite the fact that smoking does harm to our health, as is known by almost everyone, there are still many people who keep smoking every day. They often light a cigarette in any place they like, especially in public situations, such as restaurants and so on. I feel really uncomfortable while a person is smoking close to me. Accordingly, I suggest that smoking should be mainly banned at all restaurants in the country. The reasons are as follows. First of all, as is mentioned above, smoking is really harmful to smokers' health and that of the people around them as well. A number of research reports indicate that heavy smoking is likely to lead to lung cancer, which is a deadly disease for human beings. Banning smoking at restaurants is an effective way to control people’s smoking habits more or less. What's more, if there is no one smoking at restaurants, other customers can enjoy their meals with pleasure in a comfortable environment. In this way, customers may feel relaxed and have good appetites, which will stimulate the income of restaurants. Nevertheless, if some smokers can't bear this rule, we can set up a smoking room for them to smoke in. This room must be sealed in case other customers will be troubled by the smoke. These are my general ideas of banning smoking at all restaurants in the country. I can safely draw the conclusion that this decision will bring us more good than harm, so we should appeal to our friends to support it.﻿It is universally recognized that smoking does much damage to human health and that second-hand smoking causes even more serious effects to the people around smokers. According to the statistics shown in newspapers, about five percent of deaths are related to second-hand smoking. Due to the terrible effects of public smoking, I hold the opinion that smoking should be banned in any public restaurants across the country. By doing so, one of the most important favorable effects is that diseases related to smoking, such as lung cancer, can be cut down significantly. The ban contributes a lot to the creation of a healthy dining environment for people who frequently eat outside, which takes up a large proportion of the whole population. Secondly, prohibiting smoking in some public areas contributes greatly to the development of social culture and ideology. Like drunken driving, which poses threats to citizens' safety, smoking in public does harm to others' health. Such behavior is against our goal of establishing a harmonious society. In addition, the forceful act of a complete ban raises the awareness of the harm of smoking among the general public. More and more smokers will gradually get rid of this bad habit for the interest of their own health. To conclude, it is high time for us to take strong measures to put an end to this smoking era. A complete change to the legal system regarding the smoking issue is necessary for the final settlement of this social problem.﻿People’s manners in public are a good way to show the quality of the people in a country; hence, smoking, which produces a bad influence on the environment and our health, should be completely banned at all restaurants to keep up good manners. Smoking does great damage to the health of smokers and the people around them; for example, second-hand smoke greatly influences the consumers while they’re having dinner. Moreover, a place that is full of smoke would damage the dinner atmosphere and have a bad effect on the consumers' feelings. Thus, from both the consumers’ and the restaurants’ sides, smoking should be completely banned. Besides, as we all know, the behaviors in public decide the quality of the people in the country. If smoking isn't banned in restaurants, the image and quality of the Chinese will be misunderstood. Our country has become stronger and more powerful within these years, and so the quality of the people should be improved by the efforts of all of us. However, the government and the restaurants should also learn from the experiences of the 2010 Shanghai EXPO. We can build some places for smoking, or just set a room for the smokers, as this is a concern for them. Thus, smoking should be banned, but we should also spare some room for the smokers.﻿Smoking is widely believed to be a bad habit which will have an impact on both the smoker and the people around the smoker. In restaurants where people come to relax and feel refreshed, smoking, the selfish behavior that ruins people's appetite, raises health concerns and shows disrespect, should be completely banned. Smoking should be banned in restaurants since it ruins people's appetite. Scientific research has shown that when people say they love a dish, 70% of their joy comes from the smell of the dish instead of the taste of the dish, which means that although the food in a restaurant tastes extremely good, the smell of cigarettes can easily get mixed up with the smell of the food and ruin people's appetites. Smoking also leads to health concerns, which is why it should be banned in restaurants. People are all aware of the danger that smoking may bring. However, the danger of second-hand smoke is even worse. Smoking in restaurants is forcing so many people around the smokers to take in the second-hand smoke, which may lead to public health issues. It is not one person that the smoker has influenced but close to a hundred. For the sake of health concerns, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. Finally, smoking in restaurants is disrespectful. In a restaurant, when a smoker is talking to his company with a cigarette in his hand, he is likely to puff the smoke right in front of his company's face. More than that, the smoke would rise and go anywhere without permission. Further, smoking in restaurants is an insult to the chef, as it suggests that the chef’s food can't satisfy them but cigarettes can. Smoking in restaurants is totally inappropriate and easily affects many people. This behavior should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.