I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Nowadays, a large number of college students have a part-time job. Some of them hold that part-time jobs can help them to adapt to the society well and give them many experiences. Take a friend of mine, for example: when Lily was a college student, she worked in the supermarket as a promoter or worked as a private tutor every weekend. Then owing to her experiences, she quickly acquired a good job after graduating from university. In terms of other students' opinions, they think that they can buy the desired goods that their parents cannot afford. I know a student who works part-time in a restaurant as a waiter so that he can earn enough money to buy a computer. Thus, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. However, our parents don’t always agree with us about getting part-time jobs. They are afraid for our studies and our safety. In my opinion, having a good part-time job is beneficial for students. We should pay attention to the advantages of part-time jobs and make the most of them. Meanwhile, we should learn to gain knowledge from our part-time jobs and use them as helpful tools for our development.﻿In recent years, college students taking a part-time job have become very popular in the big city. Many people believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. However, I disagree with this. I have some reasons to support my idea. Firstly, I think that everyone has tasks of varying levels of importance in different periods. For a student, studying is the key priority. If you cannot study well, you will be wasting your time. Secondly, lots of students want to lessen their parents' financial burden by taking a part-time job. However, this might have a bad effect on their studies. They do not know that the most important thing that their parents want is for them to learn well and live a better life after they graduate. Therefore, pay much attention to your studies now. The most important thing is not to have a part-time job right now, but learning professional skills and applying your knowledge into practice yourself are the most serious tasks during university. If you want to earn more money, this will really help you later. Thus, don't be influenced by others and try to keep gaining knowledge; you will succeed in the future as a result.﻿Recently, there has been a discussion about whether it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two opinions in answer to this question. Some people think that it is good to have a part-time job, while others don't think that it is good to have one. I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job for several reasons. Some people might agree with this assertion. Firstly, if they have a part-time job, they can relieve their parents' financial burden. Besides, it can also increase their chances to practice their knowledge in society. However, some people object to this opinion. They claim that part-time jobs will waste the students' time and affect their studying. Therefore, students should just focus on studying hard. As far as I am concerned, students should have a part-time job on the basis of working selectively. For one thing, by working they can keep themselves well-informed of as much knowledge as possible. For another, by being selective, they can avoid working at jobs that everyone can do, and thus avoid wasting their time and learning less. Not being selective will make working ineffective because they won't be doing the job that they should be doing. All in all, it is necessary that we should have a part-time job and be selective about the kind of job that we take.﻿I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The following reasons explain my idea. College students need to not only gain knowledge of books, but also practice their knowledge in universities. College students have a part-time job, which fulfills their interests. College students can acquire knowledge from books and practice through home teaching, and they can get life experience through a part-time job. They can discover their shortcomings and advantages. A part-time job is good for college students' growth. For example, the achievements of people who have also experienced university life prove that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. During college, students go through the experience of a part-time job, and all levels of their abilities are raised. They become more confident about themselves and they have great motivation to work. The reasons above explain why I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. It is good for the development of college students. Thus, if you have a chance to have a part-time job, try to get one and work hard at it. You will receive advantages.﻿Today, more and more college students are taking part-time jobs. Different people hold different viewpoints. Some people agree with the idea that a part-time job is very good for college students. In my opinion, it is not so important for college students to have part-time jobs. I have some reasons to prove my point. Some people think that there are some advantages if students take part-time jobs because they can gain experience and build up their good character. Further, students can earn money from doing part-time jobs, so if they are from a very poor family, they can reduce their family’s financial burden. However, after-school work also brings a lot of problems. For example, some students think about their part-time jobs all the time and cannot decide that study is more important right now. As such, some students now have some problems with studying and some don't even go to class on time. As for me, I think the main task of students is to study hard and gain important knowledge. They can earn money later. Thus, college students need to know that studying is more important than working right now.﻿I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. While we are growing up, we can look after ourselves. It was our mothers who took us into this beautiful world. They taught us how to walk, to speak and so on. Now, it is our turn to care for our parents. Thus, earning enough money by working for our boss at a part-time job may be a good choice. In addition, we enrich our experience, which can only be acquired from a real work environment. On the other hand, we shouldn't focus too much of our attention on it because we are just students right now, not workers. If we don’t have enough fundamental knowledge, then we can't do well in our part-time jobs. Do not forget that our studies can help our work while our work can help our studies. To obtain much knowledge is the main mission of college students. How to balance studying and working is the main challenge for freshmen. Thus, planning is most important. Having a part-time job during summer or winter vacation is a great idea. We are also adults, so we can make our own schedules. A part-time job is an important part of our college student life!﻿As more and more college students have a part-time job, most people start to pose this question: is it important for college students to have a part-time job? In my opinion, it is not necessary for college students to have a part-time job. I can list some reasons to explain my opinion. First, although studying in college is relaxing, it also requires hard work. For students, every second is important. If we have time to do a part-time job, why not spend the time on gaining knowledge? Second, as most college students don't have much social experience, they can be cheated very easily by others. They don't have the ability to keep themselves out of danger. I think the school environment is very safe. If students go out to work, I can't imagine what danger they will encounter. Last but not least, nobody can guarantee that the part-time job will give students a lot of valuable experience. On the other hand, it's very beneficial for students to join a school club or do extracurricular activities. They can chat with other students; they can share happiness with each other, which is a very good thing. All in all, having a part-time job is dangerous and unnecessary for college students. Maybe students are curious about the part-time job or they want to try it. However, I think the knowledge of books is also interesting.﻿As we can see, having a part-time job has become more and more popular among college students. From my perspective, this phenomenon is good. It is really important for college students to have a part-time job, as a part-time job may let students gain more experience, help them apply their knowledge, and allow them to know how hard it is to earn money. Firstly, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because they may gain plenty of advantages while working. They may learn how a job functions, how to work with their colleagues and boss, and how to be confident. For example, I worked for a TV program as a translator for a month, and I acquired the benefits mentioned above. Thus, a part-time job is really important for a college student. Secondly, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because they can practice what they have learnt in college. Practice is the only way to verify knowledge, and further practice can also help our studies. When I was working for the TV program, I really learnt a lot. I have to say that all of the things that I learnt there were really useful. Therefore, if a college student wants to gain more, he or she should go and find a part-time job. Lastly, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because a part-time job can help them establish the conception of money. They will soon learn how difficult it is to earn even $100, they will understand the value of money, and furthermore, they will understand their parents. In other words, college students can grow through a part-time job, they can practice their knowledge more, and most importantly, they can establish the right conception of money.﻿I do not agree with the point that having a part-time job is important for college students. Maybe some people think that taking a part-time job can help them in many respects—help them explore the knowledge outside of books and even gain financial independence. There are others who think that part—time jobs will have a strong negative influence on studying, as working often gives students strong pressure and becomes a burden. This might make students join fewer college activities. In my opinion, I think students should pay more attention to studying than to part—time jobs. A part—time job is a small priority for students. For college students, time is very limited and valued. If students spend their limited time on working at part—time jobs, there is no doubt that they will have less time for studying. They will also have little time for college activities. If someone thinks a part—time job will give them extra earnings, I am certainly against it. College is not the proper period for students to earn money. It is the best time for learning varied knowledge. If they gain some money now, they will lose a lot more in the future. To sum up, college students should not take part—time jobs when they are studying in college. Part—time jobs just make students lose their way or lose heart. For students, school work is more important than having a part—time job. Knowledge is power.﻿Nowadays, college students want to have a part-time job during their study periods. In my opinion, I think everything has two aspects much like how one coin has two sides. On the one hand, if you want to gain more experiences in society, to have a part-time job is a good thing; on the other hand, if you pay more attention to your part-time job to the extent that you lack enough time for your study lessons, then having a part-time job is not a good thing. For a college student, studying is most important. Most college students believe that a part-time job can offer them more job opportunities in the future, and that it can also improve their confidence and sense of responsibility. In this way, to find a part-time job is a practical idea. However, there are other college students who believe that college is a place of study. They consider that if we spend too much time on working at a part-time job, we may delay our school work. In this respect, concentrating our attention on studying is more important than having a part-time job in society. Recently, college has become more and more market-focused, and a college student must be provided with a variety of skills. To have a part-time job or not, it all depends on your personal abilities.