Society has more and more challenges for college students, so it is important for us to have much experience. In our country there are plenty of college students undertaking a part-time job or even more than one part-time job. It's quite common to see students busy after classes. But why is it important for us to have part-time jobs? First, I think part-time jobs are a good way to count our thumbs. College isn't as busy as high school. When we finish our studies, so much time is wasted on playing computer games or doing other boring things. If we have a part-time job, we will try our best to do it. After all, it's a way to show the abilities we have. Second, part-time jobs can help us know more people. Colleges just have students and teachers, but society has quite different people. They do all kinds of work, and experience interesting things of which you have never heard. Through your part-time job, you could develop good interpersonal relationships. After you graduate, you will go into society. When you need help, these people can give it to you. Finally, the most important benefit is that you can get the experience that books can't teach you. Practice is the way to show your knowledge. If you can only talk about how to do it, no one will believe that you can. You have to study what you should do, and part-time jobs would let you experience this. Thus, college students' having a part-time job is necessary and important.﻿Nowadays, college education has attracted the attention of society. What should the college education be? What ought college students to learn? The most common argument is whether college students should take a part-time job. In my opinion, having a part-time job is vital for students. As we all know, students have a lot of free time to manage, so it would be very convenient for them to take a part-time job. In the future, students must step into society and face a variety of difficulties. Having a job can help them gain life experience; what's more, they can meet all walks of life and learn how to cope with complex relationships between them and colleagues. Further, students can make their own money and may realize that it is hard for parents to earn money. However, having a part-time job also has an unfavorable aspect. As the main task for students is to study, having a job may occupy most of their free time and may affect students' daily lives. Taking a part-time job is not a bad thing as long as we do not overwork but stick to reality and our personalities. I think if we can manage our time efficiently to take a job, we will be sure to get lots of benefits and more chances to be distinguished in the future.﻿As college students, we aren't very busy, so we can spend a lot of time doing the things we like. Some students do sports, such as playing football and running. Some students play computer games, such as dota and dnf. Some students read books, such as novels and poetry. What I think is the most important thing we should do in our free time is working in a part-time job. College is an important place connecting school and society. We not only learn knowledge here, but also learn experience which we can't learn from class. Thus, having a part-time job can solve this problem. In fact, a part-time job can make our college life substantial. From the part-time job, we can learn how to deal with work problems and how to work with others. We can also develop good habits. The most important lesson is that we can understand how hard making money is, so that we can make a good preparation for later life. College life is colorful, so we don't need to study as hard as we did in senior high school. We should learn to allocate our time and know what we really need. Having a part-time job is important to us; it's not only an opportunity, but also a challenge.﻿If you are resolved to have a part-time job, what are your purposes? Is it the money, or is it the experiences and the learning in the process of working that lure you to take a job? As we know, most of us have to step into society after graduation, and the society which will confront us is quite different from the campus life we are used to living in. So, if money is your solitary goal and you cannot be distracted by the expansion of your circle or the acquisition of communication skills, I suggest you'd better concentrate on your study and do not bother to think of a part time job for the simple reason that high marks can get you a better job. But if you want a part-time job for more than just money, you can gain the advantage of all that it has to offer. In the change from an excellent university student to a new employee, you may be subjected to scorn and criticism often, which will prompt you to reflect on yourself and define who you are. Taking a part-time job will give you a glimpse of the real world and make you well-prepared for the future. By observing society first-hand, you learn a lot outside the book. So, you can see my opinions quite clear now. Put away the money you can get and let yourself develop quickly in your part-time job experience!﻿Nowadays, quite a number of college students have part-time jobs. But is it necessary for them to do so? In my opinion, the answer can be various, depending on the students themselves. Undoubtedly, taking a part-time job is a special experience which provides youths with the chance to become familiar with society as well as to gain more practical skills. In the process, students learn how to communicate with different kinds of people and how to deal with challenging situations. Besides, the money they acquire from the job will certainly reduce their parents’ financial burdens more or less. However, it can't be ignored that some students fail to do more important things in order to take part-time jobs. They spend time that should be focused on learning to work, thus leading to a decline of grades. The fact is that the first priority for students is still studying. Additionally, some young people fail to spend their money reasonably. Instead, they fall into the habit of wasting money. Thus, it can be concluded that taking a part-time job is rewarding and eye-opening for those who have good self-regulation, but it may produce some negative side effects if the student lacks good planning skills. In common with many things, having a part-time job is a double-edged sword. If you want to have one, do be careful.﻿Nowadays many people hold a pessimistic attitude towards college students' behavior, specifically as it relates to having part-time jobs. For me, I think it is important for college students to have part-time jobs for several reasons. First and foremost, it is a perfect opportunity for experience-lacking college students to practice their knowledge. Part-time jobs open a new door for inexperienced students to encounter and learn to adapt to the complex society, which can broaden their horizons and strengthen their abilities. Secondly, taking up part-time jobs is also an approach to relaxing. As we know, all work and no play make Jack a dull boy. Getting along with various kinds of people and working in a group can bring a fresh feeling during part-time jobs. Last but not least, college students can also earn money via part-time jobs, which can help to support their lives and allow them to realize the hardship required to acquire every coin. As to those against part-time jobs, saying that they are a waste of time and have a bad impact on studying, I don't think they are right. As mentioned above, having part-time jobs is meaningful, as it not only strengthens students, but also makes them mature enough to set foot into society. As for studying, what is known to all is that appropriate practice contributes to studying by combining theory and practice. All in all, taking up part-time jobs should be encouraged among college students.﻿Nowadays, as most college students have no considerable social experience, what they have learned and what they are going to learn seem to become alienated from reality. Thus, the question of whether college students should have a part-time job has aroused wide attention. Indeed, we should attach more importance to part-time jobs. College students can benefit a lot from having a part-time job. To begin with, we can earn some money in order to lighten our parents' financial load. As we all know, college tuition is not a small sum of money. Some students pay a lot for it, only to gain little knowledge in their college lives. Beyond that, it is also a heavy burden, especially for a less well-off family. Besides, in the course of the job, we have to cope with a variety of people and communicate various words. Obviously, it is a great opportunity for us to gather experience and learn interpersonal skills. Further, what we learn from the part-time job can contribute to the future development of excellence. Last but not least, we can adjust ourselves to the society in advance. When we enter society, there are many objective factors that you can never change or foresee. That is to say, what we learn in college is theoretical and not enough for us to face all kinds of situations. It is because of the part-time job that we learn to combine theory with practice. From this, we can draw the conclusion that it is important for college students to have part-time jobs.﻿There is currently a controversial debate on part-time jobs, concerning whether we should take a part-time job and how much time we should spend on a part-time job. It is natural that people from different backgrounds hold divergent attitudes towards the issue. People in favor of having a part-time job claim that it can release their financial burdens, especially as it is already common for young people to bear a loan from the bank to support their families or themselves. Further, a part-time job may even entertain the person as well as bring in money, if the job relates to his or her interest. In this way, people will make full use of their time and be energetic all the time. In contrast, people who hold the opposite opinion argue that a part-time job will occupy a big share of people’s attention and may lead them to poor health. They cannot focus their full attention on their main work, which is why part-time jobs are banned in lots of companies. For my part, I would side with the first point of view. Part-time jobs do fill our spare time when we have the passion to do something interesting and attractive. So seek a part-time job, and be rich both in wealth and spirit.﻿Part-time jobs are not unfamiliar to college students. Actually, many college students have part-time jobs or have previously worked at some part-time jobs. It is very important for college students to have part-time jobs for several reasons. As you know, most of our college students are already over eighteen years old, which is to say, we are adults. As such, we should try our best to be independent, and not just depend on our parents. The best way to be independent is to make money by ourselves. At the same time, the money we make can also be used to buy something that we want and to do something that we want to do, such as traveling, attending some clubs and so on. Besides, part-time jobs can develop our abilities and establish a good foundation for our future jobs. It is known to us all that experience is very important when applying for a job. Furthermore, a part-time job can help us find out more about the society and let us know what kinds of people society needs. Only in this way can we make good decisions and choices to shape our future. In a word, part-time jobs are so important for our college students that every one of us should try our best to take up some part-time jobs. It will contribute significantly to our present life and our future.﻿A part-time job is a job taken outside of classes in college. If we have a part-time job, we gain a lot of experience. We learn to arrange time. We learn to arrange money. Further, we learn to do the job in groups in the office we work in. Work is not easy. It's not simple like a class in university. You have to do the job according to the customer's tastes. For example, if you take a part-time job as a freelance photographer, you may have to prove to your customer through a portfolio that you are a real photographer and that you can complete the job in a good condition and take good pictures. If you have good management, you can save a lot of earnings from your part-time job. On the other hand, some parents do not want or disagree that college students should have a part-time job because they think that if the students have a job, they may become lazy to go to class in university. However, the condition applies again for the students: they must be able to arrange their time.