As we know, smoking is not only harmful to people's health but also harmful to the environment. Smoking can lead to many diseases, such as cancer of the lung and so on. So it is very important and necessary to stop people from smoking in public places, especially in all restaurants. There are two reasons for that. The first one is that restaurants are public places where people have meals, so keeping the air clean is the duty of everyone. Smoking can generate dirty smoke to pollute the surrounding air. There are a lot of harmful substances in the smoke; it is no doubt that harmful substances will stick on food and then they will be eaten by people. So you can imagine how unhealthy the food will be. I think no one would like this environment when eating. Secondly and more seriously, the people who sit around the smokers have to breathe second-hand smoke, which is more harmful to their health than smoking is to the health of smokers. Smoking affects non-smokers more than it does smokers. The ratio of second-hand smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers. So smokers should think more about other people, and should not maintain their habits over others' health. All in all, I agree with the government in banning smoking completely at all restaurants in the country.﻿I somewhat disagree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. As is well known, smoking is a killer of humans' health, does great harm to our respiration systems, and finally makes our bodies weak. To make matters worse, most healthy people dislike the smell of smoking, which concerns not only the citizens but also the whole impression of the restaurant. So we could safely come to the conclusion that smoking is harmful to everyone eager for health and honor, except for the factories making cigars and  the like. However, even though smoking is hateful, we'd better say that we should try to control it rather than ban it, or we would be subjective. For one thing, some people here couldn't give it up right away, for smoking is the comfort in their lives. It's possible that if one could live longer without happiness, one might prefer to choose a shorter life with happiness. Thus, we shouldn't take away people's happiness at the moment until we find something else to replace it with and they are willing to accept it. For another, restaurants are places where citizens experience life and relax themselves. Many are accustomed to smoke there. As we see, having a smoke in an ordinary restaurant is like a function of the restaurant itself. From the above, we come to understand that smoking should not be completely banned in restaurants in the country. Instead, we might try to find other ways to improve the environment in which we live. For example, there could be restaurants and other public places made especially for smoking, where you could smoke as you like without any limitation.﻿Smoking is a popular activity among human beings, especially men. But as we all know, cigarettes contain some poison. Many countries have banned smoking at public places. It's not enough; smoking should be stopped not only in public places but also in restaurants in the country. Scientists have proven that cigarettes have nicotine. It's a kind of poison. People who smoke for a long time may get nicotine poisoning, and if it's very serious, they will die because of it. Further, people who always smoke can also get lung cancer. It can't be cured. Patients suffer unimaginable pain. Thus, to maintain or improve human beings' health, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants. Smoking is not only bad for smokers, but also unhealthy for the people around them. When one person is smoking, the people around him may get second-hand smoke. The second-hand smoke also contains nicotine and is also harmful to humans' bodies. We can see that if people smoke in a restaurant, everyone in the restaurant will be harmed by them. As far as I know, smoking also pollutes the environment. The smoke it produces will pollute our atmosphere. So if we can ban smoking, we will save our world. I don't know why people invented smoking, but I know why people should stop smoking. In other words, smoking is bad for our health and also harmful for our world. Banning smoking completely at all restaurants in the country is a little step. One day we will stop smoking all over the world!﻿Nowadays, there still exist many uncivilized behaviors in public such as smoking, spitting, and littering. I believe that smoking recklessly in public especially does harm both to the health of the people and the environment. As such, I support the initiative that smoking should be completely banned in public. The following reasons support my argument. Undoubtedly, the banning of public smoking is not only beneficial to others but also to the smoker's health. If smoking is banned, smokers may smoke less, there will be less second-hand smoke released into the air, and people will have fewer chances of being exposed to the polluted air. Furthermore, a non-smoking environment will bring us fresh air and good moods. This will obviously promote cultural and ideological progress by forbidding bad manners and developing good ones. In addition, it is a reminder that we should improve our awareness of caring for others. Since it is not only beneficial to the smokers themselves but also to society, why not do it? All of the aforementioned reasons tell us the advantages of the banning. It is time to take the advice of banning and to put special emphasis on the improvement of our public environment, though it is a little harsh to the smokers.﻿Imagine that you are enjoying your delicious meal when clouds of smoke surround you and a heavy smoker, whose breath smells of tobacco, speaks out right beside you. How will you feel at this moment? How will you feel about this place? You would certainly lose your appetite and intend to escape from the man as soon as possible, wouldn’t you? For me, I think that under no circumstances should smoking be allowed in public places, such as the restaurant. The reasons are as follows. First of all, it does no good for your health. Both the smokers and the second-hand smokers are risking their health, even their lives, on cigarettes. Every year, large amounts of people die of lung cancer just because of smoking too much. Everyone should realize that our life is really precious and that it is our duty to value it. Therefore, stay away from cigarettes not only for yourself but also for others around you. Secondly, it is a bad behavior or habit for our adolescents to imitate. Smoking in front of others is bad manners; it not only makes an awful impression on others' minds but also misleads children in regarding it as an acceptable or even cool action. Every adult should be mentally alert to set a good example, especially in public places. In other words, let's create a smoke-free atmosphere to enjoy our meal. Seriously speaking, no smoking at any restaurant in the country!﻿On the whole, I don't think smoking should be banned through the legal system. It should be a choice of the restaurant owner. Then I would foresee that most restaurants would become non-smoking, or at least a few would still keep ashtrays on the tables. However, what if I am a restaurant owner, especially when I am a school restaurant manager? You know, all the restaurants in Wuhan University do not give permission for people to smoke, but I still see people smoking. I would be strict about banning smoking. Now I will give you my reasons. A person like me who does not smoke also have the right not to smoke, I mean, second-hand smoke. Second-hand smoke causes many of the same diseases as direct smoking, including lung cancer and respiratory diseases. The famous website Wikipedia lists several million words about the bad effects of passive smoking. According to some experts, the effects of passive smoking are even worse than those of first-hand smoking. What's worse, the smoke causes horrible effects on pregnant women and little babies. Thus, considering our country's future, I am strongly against smoking. Restaurants are places for eating, for satisfying your appetite, so at least in some degree eating can substitute the desire for smoking. It might be easier to forget smoking, especially for smoking addicts. Thus, smoking should be banned in restaurants, especially in school restaurants.﻿According to the Chinese government's announcement, smoking will be completely banned at all of the restaurants in the country on Jan. 1, 2011. People have been discussing heatedly whether this ban should go into effect since the news came out. Of course, for non-smokers, it is really beneficial. However, for smokers, it is too strict and unrealistic. Personally, I approve of it very much. First of all, many customers, who spend much money in going to restaurants, just want to enjoy a nice meal and have a good time there, but with the irritating smoke surrounding them, how can they feel comfortable? What's more, as we all know, smoking does harm to not only the smoker himself, but also the people around him, whom we usually call second-hand smokers. On one hand, burning tobacco smoke contains more than 20 kinds of toxins that are hazardous to life, among which nicotine is the largest killer that can greatly increase the risk of heart disease and lung cancer. On the other hand, scientists find that non-smokers experience psychological harm as well. When they are exposed to the smoke, their levels of depression and anxiety can increase. Finally, let us look at the statistics showing that thousands of fire accidents are due to the littering of non-extinguished cigarette ends, not to mention the related deaths and losses. So, no smoking, no crying! Taking all of the factors into account, I stick to the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurants in the country.﻿It is very common to see men smoking in restaurants in China. If you fall into the habit of smoking, it will be very hard for you to unlearn it. As is known to all, smoking really does harm to our health. Cigarettes contain a lot of nicotine, which are harmful. Many heavy smokers get lung cancer after having smoked for a period of time. Smoking not only does harm to the smoker himself, but also has a bad effect on the health of the people around. This is called "second-hand smoking," and it is very harmful to the public’s health. In the restaurant, when people are having meals, if other people smoke around them, their health will be affected. Smoking also influences the moods of people nearby. If someone is smoking in a restaurant when we are eating, we will feel annoyed and lose our appetite. Therefore, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country, but of course can be allowed somewhere else. Our government should do something to support this suggestion, such as implementing some laws and rules. More importantly, we ourselves should try our best to obey the laws and rules. Then the health of our people will improve greatly.﻿The argument of whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country has been under heated discussion. I will show the different opinions below. Those who are in favor of the idea claim that we all know that cigarettes contain many harmful materials that can cause lung cancer or other incurable diseases. As such, it is very harmful to smoke. On the one hand, smokers will waste a lot of money on buying cigarettes. On the other hand, smoking is harmful to both the smoker and the people who smell second-hand smoke. Further, there are also many examples of people who have suffered from diseases owing to smoking too much. Thus, for the benefit of smokers themselves and other people, it is a wise choice to ban smoking in restaurants. Those who are opposed to the ban hold that smoking is a personal habit just like some people’s habits of reading or running. As such, others have no right to interfere. Besides, a restaurant is a place for people to eat meals and relax in, so smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. As far as I am concerned, my favor goes to the former opinion. If the policy is successfully implemented, we can enjoy our meals in a healthy environment.﻿I am partly for the perspective that all the restaurants in the country should prohibit smoking. As you know, a restaurant is the place where people have their meals. The most important thing for a restaurant is to keep the environment clean and the dishes tidy. If the guests smoke in the restaurant, he or she will probably pollute the surroundings. Worse still, they might drop cigarette ash on the tables or the dishes. Accordingly, it is necessary for every restaurant to prevent people from smoking. Only in this way can we have a better environment for our meals in the restaurants. However, there are possibly some bad effects from this ban. On the one hand, smoking is the sign of a man. The relationship between smoking and men is as important as that between make-up and women. Thus, a man at a restaurant, especially during the time of dinner, seems to be superior to others. They may feel that smoking is representative of their social status. On the other hand, people like businessmen sometimes smoke at restaurants in order to cope with some difficulties and carry out negotiations smoothly. All in all, I partly agree with the point of view of banning smoking totally at all the restaurants in our country.