Nowadays, there are so many university students who not only go to their campus, listen to their teacher's explanation, do their tasks, and study, but also take a part-time job. University students do this to fill their spare time after they have finished studying at their university. By taking a part-time job, they hope they can get a salary to fulfill their university needs, such as paying for copies of papers, going to the Internet center to search for content for their homework, buying some books to support their reports, and joining a study tour, which is a program from their university to make a thesis. Besides getting a good enough salary from their part time job, they want to have experiences, challenges, friends, network, and enjoy their young life before they really start life in the working world. University students who take a part-time job would be wise to set their time between their duty as a university student and their part-time job. Actually, it is not easy, but when they decide to take a part-time job, they already thought hard about the positive sides and the negative sides. They also should have permission from their parents to get a part-time job. My friend works as private teacher in her spare time, and she is good at time management and enjoys her work. Because of that, she has become an independent woman, which means that a part-time job can sometimes have a good effect.﻿Studying is more important than other things for all people in the world because with study especially in school, we can get a lot of knowledge, friends, and experiences. For example, in Indonesia, compulsory study is nine years. But in reality, poor people cannot continue their studies because they don't have enough money. That is one factor that requires students to have a part-time job, especially university students. They must have a part-time job. Why do I say it like that? First, because not all students at university have parents who can afford to pay for them. Second, if we have a part-time job, we can learn how to manage our time. Third, if we have a part-time job, we can help our parents pay for our studies at university. We can live by ourselves, and we do not always have to live with other people, especially our parents. The conclusion for the importance of college students to have a part-time job is that, if we have a part-time job, we can help our parents pay for our studies at university, we can manage our time, and we can study without living with our parents forever.﻿A part-time job for college students? If you talk about a part-time job, we will find agreements and disagreements. How about you? Is this important to you? Firstly, everybody has different opinions. I think a part-time job for college students is very important at this moment because the students could make money to buy all the tools they need to live by themselves. College students could buy their books, food, drinks, and enjoy their time with special friends. Secondly, I feel that a part-time job would help their parents. If the students' families do not have enough money for the college student (child), who will be completing the need for the college students? Of course, the college students themselves. College students should value the great struggle of living by themselves. Thirdly, in my opinion, a part-time job is good for college students because they have a lot of free time, so college students should use their time to make sure everything happens ok. Fourthly, I feel a part-time job gives experience to college students because the experience is the best teacher of additional knowledge for college students. For the reasons above, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Actually, we must realize that a part-time job is good for college students.﻿As we know, college students are doing their task in college to study; almost all of them come from outside the city. Perhaps they are not from a rich family but from a poor family. Some of their parents have professions such as a farmer, teacher, or fisherman. In fact, it is not their obligation to look for money, but this is a kind of demand for their life. They need money for their life. So, there is a reason why some people need to have a part-time job and others do not. Sometimes, we find that college students have a part-time job to complete their necessities such as living costs and college administration. And we also found some college students do it to search for an experience for their future and have a better life, and some only want to fill in their free time or have fun. So, in my opinion, having a part-time job is important for college students. Besides helping their parents, they can learn how to manage their time and their finances in their life from now on.﻿Part-time jobs have both positive and negative sides for college students. Part-time jobs can give experience to students, but they can also increase students' laziness to gain knowledge in lectures and prevent students from completing tasks well. Working part-time fosters a lazy mind, a desire to pursue money, and develops envy, spite, selfishness, and arrogance. Thoughts of chasing money are actually very good for the students future work when they need to demonstrate perseverance at work. I think the better part-time work is that directly supervised by the college, where the work is equated with the task of lectures. With that formula, students can feel how hard the atmosphere in employment is and foster independence while also becoming more cautious in their work. The students can also consult directly with the supervisor or lecturer of the course if there is a problem in the job. Part-time jobs that have been set by the college are not expected to disrupt the student's learning and will fostering positive thoughts. In general, I support the idea of part-time work for college students on the condition that the job will not lead to failure in their studies.﻿A college student is transitioning to adulthood. A college student is different to junior high school or senior high school students. At junior or senior high school, we didn't think about our future. At college, we have opened our minds to plan for the future. We can do so with a part-time job. A part-time job is very important for college students. I feel that college students who do part-time jobs can become more confident, independent, and responsible. College students who interact and deal with adults learn, through experience, how to behave appropriately in public. Moreover, working for a small sum of money teaches college students the value of hard-earned money. Children who solely depend on their parents for their financial needs quite naturally take the money that they are given for granted. They may also tend to spend their money on useless things. In addition to getting the extra money, they can prepare their future career. College students also do part-time jobs to get some experience for future jobs. This experience will be very useful when they come to working in the real world, because they can get some experience that will relate to their next job. Finally, the transition between the studying and the working worlds is great. Many find it difficult initially to adjust to the working world after schooling. College students who have worked part-time will be more comfortable with the transition.﻿Getting a job is difficult in our country. Many people try to get a job because a job is the way we can realize our dream and fulfill our needs as people. They will be happy doing that because they can increase their perspective on life. There are many benefits of having a part-time for college students. We can get experience, get training for time management, and become more mature. Getting experience is important, because experience is good for us. With much experience in our life, we can easily face problems in our life. For example, if we often perform in front of many people with different cultures, we can reduce our nerves and get more knowledge. Getting training for time management is also important; with having a part-time job, we can think a lot, and it will be make us more disciplined. We must think about when we must study as a college student, and we must keep good time as a worker. So, we must balance between being a student and worker. It will not become a problem if they work together. Before choosing a job, we must combine our schedule first to avoid decreasing our achievement. Having a job is mature, because we can increase our confidence and use our brain before doing something. And we always have to think about our responsibility in every aspect because in the workplace, we are required to do that to avoid making mistakes. Having a part-time job is important for college students because we can learn good time management and we can become successful people. Additionally, if we are diligent, we can even become a young millionaire, and we will become good people.﻿The costs students incur on campus are not small; every month can cost up to a million for meals, transportation, books, and cigarettes for smokers. The income of a parent who is an entrepreneur can sometimes cover this amount, but other parents need more than one income. Every student wants to cover the cost when they live far away from their parents. Some students who have many necessary payments on campus need to look for money by themselves, so they usually work at a cafe, do car washing, work as a newspaper agent, or work at an Internet rental shop. But sometimes, they have problems dividing their time, and they sometimes ignore their assignments from college. But, they feel proud they can complete part of their costs of college without asking their parents. If all students do this, surely all parents would feel proud but they must not complete all of the necessary things. Thus, if sometimes the parents' income is not enough to pay the campus costs, we have to get money by ourselves to cover everything from books to the boarding house without asking our parents. In my opinion, a part-time job helps students support their financial problems and I agree that students should work part time.﻿While academic studies are the main focus of college students, many will also spend their college years in part-time employment. Some reasons they do is that part-time work gives us financial advantages and introduces us to real work. First, part-time work gives students financial advantages. With the salary, you can learn to be independent, you can save your money, and you can help your parents, and it indirectly makes your parents proud of you. Second, with part-time work, the students learn about real jobs. It advances your skills. Many on-campus part-time jobs will give students the opportunity to learn administrative skills, such as phone and email etiquette, office electronics troubleshooting, and meeting manners. Gaining such skills while in school will place a student-employee ahead of the curve when they enter the full-time workforce. And then, experiencing workplace culture classroom learning is important, but the culture of workplaces and offices are hard to impart within the classroom. Holding down a regular position outside the classroom will allow students to gain firsthand experience of office culture and politics, which will be helpful upon graduation and in their first full-time job. The last reason is that part-time work requires you to balance your time. If you have leisure time you can get a job after you have studied. However, if you can't manage your time, you should not get a part-time job because it can decrease your academic scores.﻿At this time, many college students already have a part-time job. Part-time jobs are different from ordinary jobs. Part-time jobs have reduced work time, almost half of the normal work time. And the salary it is not as much as the salary of a full-time worker. The salary of a part-time worker ranges from Rp 100,000 (one hundred thousand rupiahs) to Rp 1,000,000 (one million rupiahs). It can exceed one million rupiahs depending on what kind of part-time job you have. I say it is important, because college students can get more experience before they enter the real world of business. College students can feel how hard it is to make money, so they become more mature naturally. Part-time work can increase students' skills if the part-time job they take is in the same field as their major. They can also improve their skills for managing time. If they take a part-time job, the students should arrange their part-time schedule with their college schedule. So, it will develop the college student's discipline. That's why is think a part-time job is important.