Is it important for college students to have a part-time job? I think that there are many ways to answer that question. A part-time job can be done in part of your time. So college students can do a part-time job when they have spare time (if they want). There are many reasons why college students might do a part-time job. The first is that they need more money to have fun and pay the studying costs, and the second is that they need to get work experience for the future. College students might need more money because, sometimes, the college student's money from their parents is not enough. So, they will search for a part-time job. Why a part-time job? Because their study time can't be compromised with a regular job, and they will need a part-time job that has unusual work times, so they can combine their studying with working at a part-time job. After college students graduate from university, it is difficult to search for a job because the company that needs workers will ask for job experiences related to the new job. Therefore, if they do not have any experience, it will be difficult to find a job. Therefore, work experience from a part-time job will be very helpful. I prefer to agree with the statement that college students should have a part-time job. It will give you experiences for the future after graduation, except if you do not plan to work in the future.﻿It is important for college students to have a part-time job because it has many advantages for the students. It will make the students become independent people. The students will get income from the salary of their job to pay their living costs. They will not have to bother their parents or spend so much of their parents' money. Moreover, the students will become disciplined because they will learn how to manage their time well; they will know when they have to study and when they have to work. In a part-time job, the workers cannot arrive late, so it forces the students as workers to be on time in their job. Not only that, a part-time job can also develop the student's knowledge. So, after getting lessons from college, the students can apply their knowledge directly in their job. Furthermore, the students can use their time well, so they can avoid wasting time having fun and shopping, and they will only use their time for useful activities. Therefore, as having a part-time job is very useful and important for college students, all students in the college should spend their time working at a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. As we know, the cost of college is expensive for students. It's easy if the parents of that student are rich. But, how about for students with poor parents? A part-time job is a solution for this situation. The student can help the parents avoid spending too much money, and the students will have new experiences beside their daily activity of studying. The students must learn how to split their time between studying and having a part-time job. They can also be proud to get their money by themselves instead of asking for money from their parents. In my opinion, they are independent students. If all college students had to do a part-time job, I think parents wouldn't have financial problems. And for those students, it can be a good start for when they work at a company after graduating from that college. We could say that they are training to get a new skill for a job, so it's a positive thing for the student. In this era, if we can, why not? We can learn from college students who have a part-time job. They get money by themselves, so they can help their parents. And I think they make their parents proud by what they are doing.﻿I don't agree that college students should have a part-time job for several reasons. The first reason is that it can break the focus of students' studying. The second reason is that it is so difficult to balance studying and working. Consequently, one of them will become a victim. Because when students have problem, it will affect the other one. If the reason of students working is to get experience, surely there must be consideration before that because working and learning are difficult to put together. As a college student, I don't agree that college students should have a part-time job. Especially if the students cannot manage their time well, because it only break the focus of their studying. Moreover, it is difficult to balance studying and working. Consequently, one of their choices will become a victim. So, the students cannot study as well as usual. When they have a problem, of course it will affect the other one. Even though they work to get experience, surely there must be consideration before that because working and learning are difficult to put together.﻿I was lucky enough that my parents paid for my whole college education. But I agree with that statement because by having a part-time job, we can help our parents, and we can earn money to buy everything we want. Besides, by doing a part-time job, we can get many experiences that may be useful in the future because experience is most important for getting a job. Moreover, we will appreciate the money more because we know how difficult it is to get money. However, we must manage our time for studying and doing the part-time job, so we have to have care about our time. Everybody knows that time is money. Managing our time is important if we do not want to lose something. So, having a part-time job is important for college students because we can get many advantages from it. If we believe we can do it, then why not? But, we have to remember that studying is our priority; therefore, even though we have a part-time job, we cannot be lazy about studying because we can get experience, and we can get used to living in society besides as a student. We have to be smart to manage our time so we can take advantage of it. Talk more, do more, and get more.﻿It is a true statement. College students usually choose a part-time job such as a private teacher, shopkeeper, or seller. They do this job when they aren't doing anything after they have studied at university. It has many benefits for them. A part-time job can provide many useful experiences and knowledge, and more importantly, money. College students need some money to live their life without asking for money from their parents. They must begin to develop their independence to provide their necessities by themselves. As we know, students have many necessities to pay for during their studying; they have to buy something that they need in their day, such as food. They can show their families that they can do things by themselves and actively training themselves to fit into society in the future and be useful for those around them. Therefore, at a part-time job, they can show their skills that they get from their studies at university or other skills they have. It can make a creative contribution to our government. Finally, it's very beneficial for college students to have a part-time job to make them active and to get some money to fill their life.﻿College is the highest place to receive a formal education. Because college students are required to study in college, they should not have a part-time job so they can graduate with a better grade. If they have a part-time job, they will not focus on their lectures, but every semester, students at university have many lectures worth about 24 credit points, which is about 11 lectures. It will disturb the students learning if they have a part-time job because a part-time job will disturb the student's mind and stop them from focusing on their lectures. They will not have much time to do their assignments. We know that lectures start in the morning and finish in the afternoon. I believe the students will feel tired because they get many lectures from Monday until Friday. Of course, the lecturer will guess the students' assignments. The students that have part-time jobs will not know about problems in their college. The function of a student is as a stick holder of our beloved country. If the students did not know the problems in their college or know how to solve them, I cannot imagine what our beloved country or our colleges will be like in the future. I think college students should not have a part-time job because they will not focus on their lectures, they will do not many assignments, and they will not know about the problems in their college.﻿A part-time job can be an alternative way for college students to earn money. Students who have a part-time job are independent students because they aren't only studying their lessons in college but they are also working to get a salary. They can spend their free time at a part-time job so they can pay their finances in college. They want to earn their money without hoping for money from their parents. It is important for college students because I think college students can be independent people before they graduate from college. By having a part-time job, college students can get new experiences outside of college. They will use those experiences after graduating from college to do a better job than other people. They hope after graduating that they won't be awkward in the working environment because they already gained work experience before graduating. I really believe that college students who have a part-time job will be successful because they can use their time for studying and working hard. They have already learned how to earn a salary for themselves without depending on their parents for money. They can manage their life without have to get money from their parents. Many companies look for people who have experience of a part-time job because they are not awkward when they work at the company, and they can do the job very well. In this globalized world, all college students need to use their skills, not only hard skills from their college but also soft skills from their experience outside of college.﻿Nowadays, many college students have a part-time job beside their main activity in college. A part-time job takes up half of the time in the day. College students usually do their job in their free time when they don't have any study activities. Many jobs are available in various fields such as a home teacher, shop keeper, working in a restaurant or hotel, or as an entrepreneur. Having a part-time job has many advantages for college students. College students can get a salary that can be used for many daily needs. They not only get money from their parents, but they can also buy things by themselves. For example, they can buy books that they need and pay for their school fees and other daily needs. Other advantages for college students who have a part-time job is that they can get experience. With a part-time job, college students can learn about real life, which is very important for college students. Many college students only know the theory of their study but they don't know how to apply it in the field. Indeed, many graduates are unemployed because they only know the theory of their study and they don't know the practical application of the theory. In conclusion, having a part-time job is very important for college students. They can get money by themselves, not only from their parents. Experience is another advantage of having a part-time job for college students. However, college students must manage their time between work and study.﻿I think working part time is very important for students because they can divide their time between study and work. Unlike many students who work while in college, some students work part time if they are fond of the job. By working part time, students learn to work together within the office, thus educating them to become good workers, because of course it is very different from studying. Working a part-time job that is in accordance with our interests will be more enjoyable. And most importantly, after college, we will certainly not become unemployed again because we can work. And even if we have to get a new job, we are more adaptable because we are familiar with working. When they work part time, students also get a salary from the job, so that educates students to become independent and not to bother their parents. To be able to share time between study and work, the student must get rid of their laziness to perform their work and learn how to discipline themselves so they can divide their time between work and study and work so that all jobs run smoothly, without any obstacles; that makes a worker perform the job well.