Everyone must know that smoking is very dangerous. It has had many bad effects on smokers and people around them. Smoking can give both active and passive smokers many diseases. It can cause cancer and many other health problems. Smoking inside a room is very dangerous for passive smokers. Usually, passive smokers have to cover their noses or leave the room as fast as possible. But, in some places like a restaurant, we can't get out when there are people smoking near us. We usually eat in a restaurant for a long time. If people near us are smoking, it spreads the smoke to many people. Smoke that is produced from cigarettes is very dangerous for our health. If we inhale it over a long period, we could get serious health problems. People should think about others. They shouldn't smoke in front of others because it could give both active smokers and passive smokers many diseases. It can cause cancer and many other health problems. If they can't stop smoking in front others, I think restaurants should ban smoking for the sake of all people. Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country so that people who eat in the restaurants can eat calmly.﻿I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we know, smoking is not good for our health. First of all, cigarettes contain nicotine that can damage our lungs and make it hard for us to breathe. The government also gives warnings to smokers to reduce the number of smokers. We can see the warnings on every pack of cigarettes, and it is said that smoking can cause cancer, hypertension, and also disturb fetuses. Smoking affects not only us, but also other people. Smoke destroys the fresh air and sometimes causes people to cough when they breathe it in. If smoking is not banned, it can annoy other people that do not smoke, who are called passive smokers. The smoke of cigarettes is more dangerous for passive smokers than for active smokers, because the smoke that is aspirated by the active smoker is not good for our health. We must maintain our health because we are the next generation of our nation. Besides, we must make the environment better and keep the air fresh and free from smoke. Those are some reasons why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿In my opinion, being a smoker harms our body, and I absolutely hate smokers around me. My father is a smoker so I stay away from him when he smokes. I'm pretty confused by the people who smoke in places such as terminals, malls, and buses. In my mind, I always wonder whether they realize there are people among them? Definitely, they don't think about that and they don't have any respect for them. I have a lot of reasons why we should not smoke. First, smoking affects our health, and we must spend a lot of money buying cigarettes, and we know that being a smoker damages our lungs. And you can get some diseases such as cancer that reduce the length and quality of your life. And the other reason is out of respect for the people around you, because smoking is pretty disturbing to others. When you smoke, you not only harm yourself but you also harm all the people around you, so you must be selfish. If you love yourself, please stop smoking!! Think about the people around you, who love you, like your friends and your family. I'm sure they won't want to see you suffering or sick because of it. You just spend your life, your money, and most importantly, you will spend much money on medicine when you get sick. So, you should think hard about stopping smoking because we have dreams for our life. I really disagree about smokers, who don't have any respect for themselves and other people.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking has a lot of bad effects. Smoking is bad and extremely dangerous for our health. People usually go to restaurants for food not for smoking; they want healthy food not bad food. Smoking should perhaps be banned not only in restaurants but also in public places. Many people feel disturbed when they are eating by smell of the smoke because they can't smell the food. Smoking should be completely banned because there is no benefit from smoking, it is only bad for our health; there is no gain from smoking, only pain. Secondhand (passive smoker) smoke is more dangerous than filtered smoke so it is detrimental to people around smokers. Many people have suffered because of cigarette smoke; there are people with severely damaged lungs and hearts because of smoking and passive smoking. Small children are vulnerable to cigarette smoke, which is bad for their growth, health, lungs, and heart. Smoking causes a lot of harm to people, especially when they are eating, because an article I read said that when we are eating, we also inhale the smoke.﻿In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country because a restaurant is a general place for people to eat their meals. It is also a favorite place for everyone to hang out with their family or friends, so many people spend their time at restaurants. If there is someone that smokes, it will disturb the enjoyment of other people. The smoke of the cigarettes will pollute the environment and endanger the not only the smokers but also the people who do not smoke. Some people, especially ladies, cannot stand the smoke of cigarettes and the smoke will certainly harm them. They may not enjoy their meal or they may even have difficulty breathing. Also, cigarettes are bad for our health, especially secondhand smoke. Smoke which arises when a person smokes a cigarette or cigar is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in the close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as coughs, bronchitis, asthma, and carcinoma of the lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. So, to keep our body healthy, not only should restaurants should ban smoking, but also other general places.﻿Smokers are really annoying because of the smoke. The smoke not only damages themselves, but it can also damage all the people that are near them. Because of that, there are two kinds of smokers, active smokers and passive smokers. Active smokers usually smoke wherever they want, even if there is not a smoking area. The most often place that they smoke and the most annoying too is at a restaurant. When we are eating we will be disturbed by their smoke everywhere, so smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country, not only because of their smoke that flies everywhere, but also because, even if there is a smoking area, it is still annoying because sometimes restaurants put the smoking and no smoking places too near to each other. So sometimes we still can see the smoke, and even if we don't see the smoke, it still can be dangerous because travels in the air and can get into other people's bodies and damage their lungs or other organs. So because of that, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country, to ensure other people's comfort and to decrease the total number of smokers in this world.﻿In Indonesia, smoking is not forbidden for most people and in most places. People can smoke wherever they want in public. But certain places, such as malls, restaurants, hospitals, and schools forbid people to smoke. In my opinion, smoking in public places should be prohibited because of the disturbance it causes to others. Research says that passive smokers are 80% more likely to suffer from cancer than active smokers. After knowing that fact, people start to think about how to overcome this kind of problem. For example, shopping centers usually provide smoking areas for smokers. Hospitals strictly forbid smoking inside the hospital because it can create an unsuitable environment and cause more bacteria and viruses. Next, I will talk about smoking in restaurants. I will divide the restaurants into three levels: small-scale, mid-scale, and large-scale restaurants. Small-scale restaurants usually allow customers to smoke inside the restaurant. They don't separate places for smokers and nonsmokers. Mid-scale restaurants such as KFC, Pizza Hut, and McDonalds sometimes provide a smoking area for customers. For example, they provide outdoor seats for customers who smoke. In this scale, usually after the customers enter the restaurant, they will be asked whether they smoke or not and they will be directed to the smoking area if they smoke. Large-scale restaurants usually already forbid people from smoking. They don't have smoking areas to prevent disturbance to other customers.﻿This is very important for us to follow, because it is not just that smoking is dangerous for the smoker, which could cause a lot of diseases such as cancer and heart attacks, but it could also harm people near to the smoker; these people are called passive smokers, and these poor people will suffer more than the smoker because they inhale the smoke directly from the cigarette. Not to mention that a cigarette contains some substances that are addictive. Maybe it is as addictive as a drug because it makes people want more. Some restaurants in this country still allow customers to smoke. I think that is not a good way to develop a restaurant because their smoke can be very annoying, and it could also change the taste of food from that restaurant. It is true that some restaurants provide a special room for those who smoke, but that alone won't really help to ban people from smoking. That will only give them a special privilege, or something like a special room for them. A way to stop them is to not give smokers an option at all, a no smoking area. If only every restaurant wanted to applied this, but sadly they don't, and that is why smokers still exist in restaurants.﻿As we know, smoking is bad for our health. But, there are still many people who smoke. Once they begin smoking, they can rarely can stop because they become addicted to it. When we are addicted to something, it's hard to get over it. People who don't smoke can also get the effects of the smoke as passive smokers. Passive smokers inhale cigarette smoke even though they don't smoke. One effect of being a passive smoker is lung cancer. So, to protect other non-smoking people, the government sets a rule that prohibits smokers from smoking in public spaces, such as at malls and universities. According to the rule, malls and other public spaces have to provide some places where the smoker can smoke. At restaurants, there are places that are assigned as smoking areas. Although the area is separated, the smoke can still affect people who don't smoke. This is because there is no glass separating the smoking area from the no smoking area, so we can still inhale the smoke. Let's look at an example, when the restaurant is full and the waitress places someone who smokes near our table, it will annoy us because of the smoke. So, I think it's better for restaurants to not allow smoking in restaurants.﻿I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we know, smoking is not good for our health. First of all, cigarettes contain nicotine that can damage our lungs and make it hard for us to breathe. The government also gives warnings to smokers to reduce the number of smokers. We can see the warnings on every pack of cigarettes, and it is said that smoking can cause cancer, hypertension, and also disturb fetuses. Smoking affects not only us, but also other people. Smoke destroys the fresh air and sometimes causes people to cough when they breathe it in. If smoking is not banned, it can annoy other people that do not smoke, who are called passive smokers. The smoke of cigarettes is more dangerous for passive smokers than for active smokers, because the smoke that is aspirated by the active smoker is not good for our health. We must maintain our health because we are the next generation of our nation. Besides, we must make the environment better and keep the air fresh and free from smoke. Those are some reasons why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.