Part-time jobs are important for college students. This statement is made based on my own reasoning. First, having a part-time job will be useful for us in the future. We can learn such skills as how to earn our own money and how to manage our income, so the time we spend working will not be wasted. Moreover, if we are from another island, our part-time job could reduce our family’s financial problems, even if just a little. Second, we must admit that sometimes the money our parents transfer to us monthly is not sufficient for our daily needs. Earning money by ourselves will be very helpful, so we will not burden our parents by asking for more money. They also cannot complain about how we are going to use it because as it is the money we earn ourselves, we have the right to manage it ourselves. Last but not least, part-time work helps us become independent. It gives us experience in handling the problems we will face in our full-time jobs in the future, and helps us learn how to socialize with our co-workers, how to be close with them, and how to handle the problems that we encounter with them. It is also easier to find a job if we have experience working for other people. For example, if we ever had a job and wanted to find a new job, our chance of being hired will be higher than for those who never had a job at all. Therefore, I conclude that having a part-time job is important for college students.﻿I agree that college students should have part-time jobs because the expenses of college or higher education have grown at an alarming rate over the past few years. This has compelled many college students to look for part-time jobs, which involves working for a few hours and attending college lectures once the work is over. Though there are some negative aspects of part-time jobs for college students like overexertion and some sort of tensions, these jobs provide students with much-needed experience that comes handy when studying courses such as management, engineering, and accounting. The following are some exciting part-time entry-level jobs for college students: A part-time job can help pay your living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. As you will eventually have to pay off any school-related loans that you take out, it is best to take out as little as possible. Also, working part-time during college builds character. Most jobs available for college students are humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, janitor, or sales clerk, you will become much more grateful for the opportunities that college education will provide you in the future. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on you hand and foot, and that if you want something, you have to give something first.﻿When teenagers were high school students, they had less responsibility and less self-dependency and were still living in their comfort zones. Therefore, as soon as they enter college, they step into adulthood as well. As adults, they have to be independent, able to take care of themselves, and take greater responsibility for their lives. This is why college students must have part-time jobs. There are three reasons why they should have a part-time job: to learn not to be dependent on their parents, to be able to work, and to learn adult responsibilities. First, by taking a part-time job, high school students who have just entered college can be independent and learn to not lean on their parents anymore since they will part from them later on. Second, by taking part-time jobs, they can learn about working and earning money. Although part-time jobs are small, they can give them a picture of how the working world is and how they can make a living through it so that later, when they are working in a company or starting their own business, they already know how to adapt and what to do. Lastly, through part-time jobs, they can learn how to be responsible for themselves by doing their work properly, and to those involved in the part-time job, such as customers, managers, and co-workers. This is why college students must take part-time jobs.