Smoking must be banned at all restaurants in the country because cigarettes has a strange chemical composition that can cause cancer, heart attacks, hypertension, problems in pregnancy, and even impotence for the users. Smoking can disturb others, because the smoke contains chemicals contaminate the air, are dangerous to others, and are the cause of many diseases. The first issue of smoking is that it can disturb others because of the composition of the smoke, it is the same dangerous composition for the smoker, but it is even more dangerous for others than it is for the smoker. Smoking also helps global warming occur, because the smoke composition can affect the greenhouse gases that warm the earth's temperature. As shown on the cigarette packs, cigarettes cause dangerous diseases that are even deadly. In relation to the issues with restaurants, smoke will disturb the other people who are in the restaurant, and those people will breathe in the passive smoke, which can cause asthma. If the other people are not smokers, they might cough badly and lose their appetite, so they will not eat happily, and it will reduce the restaurant's ratings because of the smoker. And how about banning smoking at all restaurants? It will not be fair if smoking is completely banned, so they should create different areas that divide the smoking and non-smoking customers.﻿The government should ban smoking in restaurants because smoking has many side-effects. Smoking is dangerous. The tool of smoking is the cigarette, and cigarettes contain many dangerous substances, addictive substances such as nicotine, which can damage our body system. For the active smoker, it also causes many problem to our health. They are problems with pregnancy and the fetus (for the woman), lung cancer, impotence, and many other problems. Going out from the effect of smoking, smoking in restaurants (and public areas) will disturb many people who don't smoke, who we call “passive smokers.” It is very impolite to smoke around those people, because sometimes there are people who dislike smoking very much. Those people will feel uncomfortable if there is a person smoking beside them. And it also causes the passive smoke to get the side-effects of smoking, so that problem has to be reduced. Moreover, many restaurants have air conditioners (AC) in their rooms. If there is smoke from cigarettes in the AC, it will damage the operation of AC because it needs a clean condition without any dust or smoke. That is why in many rooms with AC, smokers cannot smoke in there. So, it is important for the government to ban smoking in restaurants. And it has to be obeyed by all smokers.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because restaurants are places for visitors to eat and drink. Restaurants are not the correct place to smoke. Some people smoke after they finish eating, but how about other people? Do they like to do it? I think they feel uncomfortable about that situation. If that situation happens, the government must look for solution to this problem. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. It is the solution for people who don't like smoking. As we know, visitors of all ages, from young to old, go to restaurants. Smokers must know about that, but they make the restaurant dirty. So, restaurants must give a special place for smokers, if they want to smoke. It is a better solution for the smokers and for the visitors who don't like smoking in restaurants. If the smoker fails to obey that regulation, the restaurant can give them a punishment. Maybe that smoker will have to clean the plates and glasses, or clean the restaurant floor. I hope that the solution can make smokers give up so they will not do it again, and they will keep a clean condition at that restaurant. I hope that the solution can be done at all restaurants and in other countries besides Indonesia so that visitors can feel comfortable and not worry about cigarette smoke in restaurants.﻿The question whether the government should ban smoking in restaurants or not is a big issue. In the perfect situation, smoking policies would be managed by the restaurant owners so that customers would visit the establishment which has the policy they prefer. Customers could decide if they want to avoid smoke-filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers and non-smokers, before the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do. In my opinion, many smokers do not smell the smoke of others when they are in public places. Many years ago, people were allowed to smoke everywhere. As a result, an entire generation of elderly experienced lung, throat, mouth, and stomach cancers that were never experienced in history before cigarettes became popular. But now, I believe that each individual has the right to make choices which affect only them. So, I choose to visit restaurants that are smoke-free because there are many disadvantages of smoking. A restaurant with smokers is not a healthy environment for people who are having their lunch or dinner. The smokers take away the rights of other people to have access to clean air.﻿I agree with the statement because many people in Indonesia smoke, even though in reality, smoking is bad for the human body. I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Indonesia because restaurants are places for eating and it isn't delicious if other people are smoking in the same area. Passive smoking is very dangerous because it can cause cancer, so I agree with the above statement. However, the government must be careful with restaurants and smoking areas because people in Indonesia could become sick. And the price of cigarettes must be increased because it could reduce the number of smokers in Indonesia. Smoking does not have many positives for people and the country. A country without smokers can be a beautiful country because there is no pollution and the people can be healthy. I want Indonesia to be free from pollution because in Indonesia there is a lot of pollution, for example, from motorcycles, cars, and cigarette smoke. However, smoking should be not banned at all restaurants, but in all places that have many children there because children are growing. So, the children must be kept away from smoking areas. I would love a country free of pollution.﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is a really good rule. Smoking has caused the loss of many human lives, not only for active smokers but also for passive smokers. It can damage smokers and other people. Smoking can disturb the health, body, and the comfort of people around us. The fumes of cigarettes can affect the lungs and respiratory system in the body. If there are many people using cigarettes in general places, it contributes to the bad things such as air pollution and dirty situation. For example, restaurants should be clean places and free from smoke because they are used for people to eat their meals comfortably. Restaurants are a place where many people want to rest and refresh the body by filling up the stomach with some food to get power for their activities, so it is not too good if they eat surrounded by smoke, which can decrease the quality of their food. People want to go to a restaurant to enjoy the food. So, it is a good rule that smoking should be banned in the restaurants to give a good service to the customers.﻿Now smoking has become a big problem to be solve worldwide. The majority of people like this activity even though it is a bad habit. Smoking has a bad effect on smokers and passive smokers. We don't realize when we smoke that the smoke is very dangerous to other people because the smoke contains dangerous chemicals that are bad for our health. Although it is a long-term effect, the government should ban it. Nowadays, all smokers are smoking everywhere, even in restaurants. We know that restaurants are the place for enjoying a meal or drink. It is not a place for smoking. It can disturb other people when they are enjoying a meal and enjoying a drink after smoking a cigarette. The people will leave rubbish from their cigarette. Let's imagine that many active smokers smoke in the restaurant, how many people will suffer from a disease. Although it's just a small area, it can bring many risks to our health, environment, and economy. The restaurants usually have a smoking area, so hopefully all customers can smoke in that room. In reality, it is useless because people lack awareness. The conclusion is that the government should ban smoking in restaurants, because it will affect not only society but also people's level of comfort.﻿Smoking is a disturbing action to people because smoking is dangerous for our health. People who breathe smoke from smokers are called passive smokers. Although they don't smoke, they get the effect of smoking from a smoker. This is bad for people that often do activities near active smokers. Active smokers usually don't care that their habit is smoking. Actually, they don't want to disturb people around them with smoking, but it has already become habit to smoke at any time. I hope that active smokers can stop their habit of smoking freely without caring about other people around them in order not to disturb other people. I think all restaurants in the country should suggest to people who visit there not to smoke in the restaurant. Restaurants can put up a warning sign saying not to smoke because it can disturb other people. Smoke from cigarettes can make the restaurant environment very bad and can cause health disturbances, including cancer. So, people must be careful when doing activities near smokers. Restaurants can prepare a special room for smokers to smoke so not to disturb other people, and they can smoke freely there without a warning from other people.﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In the past, smoking in public zones had not yet become a big issue. But now this topic has become a big issue related to human rights. People believe that smoking in public zones such as restaurants can cause nonsmokers to become passive smokers. They believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Many reasons are considered for banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country and public zones in general. The first reason is human rights. People believe that smoking in public zones is a human rights problem. Smoking in public zones can make nonsmokers become passive smokers, which is very dangerous for their health. There are facts that passive smoking is more dangerous than active smoking. So, people believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. The other reason is health problem. As explained before, passive smoking is more dangerous than active smoking because dangerous materials, which are inhaled by passive smokers are complex. So that passive smokers get more health risks. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. In conclusion, for several reasons, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. The government should make a law related to the problem.﻿I agree with this opinion because smoking in restaurants can interfere with other people who are eating and make them lose their appetite because of the cigarette smoke, which interferes in the process of eating. Besides that, cigarette smoke also makes others breathe in secondhand smoke which contains chemicals that can damage human health. Secondhand smoke is more dangerous than cigarette smoke breathed in by active smokers. The concentration of nicotine for passive smokers is greater because the poison is sucked through the cigarette smoke of active smokers, which is not filtered. So that makes the passive smokers die of chemical substances that exist in cigarette smoke, which have been inhaled by humans and cannot be processed in the body. Cigarette smoke can cause heart disease, stroke, and so forth. Therefore, we recommend that active smokers reduce their smoking because cigarettes are very harmful for passive smokers who get affected by the cigarette. Smokers should become aware of how their actions harm others. It is better to fine every person who smokes in restaurants because it can interfere with every visitor who was eating at that place.