Smoking is never a good thing for many people, especially in public places such as restaurants. First, the smell of cigarettes fills the air and mixes with the smell of food. People will lose their appetite if their food smells like cigarettes or if they cannot smell their meal because of cigarette smoke. Moreover, some smokers do not have any respect for other customers; they blow smoke right from their mouths into others’ faces or throw ashes on the floor or their plates. Second, many people avoid restaurants filled with smokers, especially if they have their children with them. It is uncomfortable to eat while worrying about their children's health since it is easier for children to suffer the effects of secondhand smoke. The first two factors could affect the income of restaurants and cause a great deal of loss. Finally, there are many people in a restaurant who will inhale secondhand smoke, which is dangerous because secondhand smokers can contract lung cancer and many other infections much more easily than smokers themselves. Moreover, these victims include not only guests but workers and passersby. Overall, smoking should be forbidden in restaurants and smokers should be seated in an isolated room.﻿In my opinion, I (a non-smoker) agree that smoking should definitely be banned in all restaurants, as it not only has harmful effects on the non-smokers present but also may cause allergic coughing in many people. In addition, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it, which may later develop into a habit. Cigarette smoke is more hazardous to passive smokers nearby who inhale the active smoker’s smoke because second-hand smoke is unfiltered, causing more adverse effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma, and carcinoma of the lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. Even if cigarette bans restrict freedom, especially for smokers, this step will go a long way to inculcating a healthier lifestyle. Many smokers who have gradually become aware of the ill effects of smoking are turning to de-addiction centers to break their habit. Even advocates of smoking in public areas disapprove of the practice when their offspring are exposed to it. Witnessing their elders’ smoking kindles a similar desire in youngsters, thereby giving birth to a new generation of smokers. To avoid these evils of smoking and ensure a healthy way of life for youth, it is not only our duty but also a necessity of life today to condemn such practices, if not legally then at least socially.﻿According to www.inforesearchlab.com, around 5.4 million deaths per year worldwide are caused by tobacco use, while www.cdc.gov reports that almost 90% of all deaths from chronic obstructive lung disease are caused by smoking, which is rated as the number one cause of death in the United States. Even without looking at these figures, we can see that people around us keep smoking despite the danger and diseases it causes. Therefore, smoking should be banned in all countries worldwide. There are three reasons for this. First, smoking is the source of almost all cancer diseases, starting from the most common cancers caused by smoking, lung cancer and cancer of the esophagus, to many other cancers, such as kidney cancer and stomach cancer. Second, besides causing many diseases in its users, some fatal, smoking also has a dangerous effect on secondhand smokers, and in particular, secondhand smoke or passive smoke has even more dangerous effects for people like children and non-smokers, increasing their chances of developing cancer. Lastly, smoking also has an environmental impact on the earth and one’s surroundings. Cigarette butts that are discarded on the ground and are not picked up end up in rivers where fish eat them, smoke from cigarettes contributes to global warming, and smoking also pollutes the air around us. For this reason, in light of the dangerous effects of smoking, smoking should be banned for our own good.