When we hear the word smoking, what idea do we have in our mind? All doctors in the world say that smoking is not good for active smokers and it is even worse for passive smokers. Some of us wonder how that can be. The answer is that when the cigarette burns and the active smokers begin to smoke, they breathe clouds of smoke from their noses and mouths. The clouds are inhaled by passive smokers, but the clouds come from the lungs of active smokers and the passive smokers do not know about the active smokers' health. Nowadays, the government has built smoking areas in public places, for example, at department stores, airports, and hotels. The government did so because they hope that the active smokers will not disturb the passive smokers, the health of babies, and the woman who are pregnant. To be honest, the government would be confused if they forbade cigarettes because almost all the employees in this country work at cigarette companies. If they close or stop all the activities of the cigarette companies, they have to think carefully about its effects. The truth is that cigarettes are not good for active smokers and their environment, especially people around them. We hope that the active smokers can reduce or maybe even stop their hobby of smoking. Our health is very expensive, so we have to keep our health.﻿The big problem in Indonesia is smoking because almost all people, especially men, always smoke. And they smoke wherever they want, not only in smoking areas, but they also smoke in public places, in restaurants, in rooms while they are having a meeting, and they do not think about the dangers of smoking in  public places. Because not all people, especially woman, like to smoke, they almost don't like smokers because smoking can disturb other people. You know why I say that smoking is a big problem in Indonesia? Because almost all of Indonesia's income is from smoking. Therefore, if the cigarette companies close down, there are many people who will lose their job and won't be able to pay for their lives. However, I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Why do I agree with that opinion? Because first, if we smoke, we have to spend our money buying cigarettes every day. Second, if we smoke in the restaurants, we will disturb other people who are eating there. Because the vapor of smoke can make our breath smell, especially for woman. While people will not forbid those who want to smoke, they also know which places to smoke. So, if we are in a restaurant, we should not smoke because we can disturb others, and we must know if we smoke, we can cause cancer.﻿I think the topic is interesting enough to give a detailed explanation. In Indonesia, many people have different opinions about completely banning smoking at the restaurants. I will explain why smoking should be banned in restaurants. Firstly, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because the restaurants have AC, so this annoys people who come into the restaurants with their family such as children or an elderly father. Secondly, smoking in the restaurants makes the restaurants smell. Commonly in the restaurants, there is a different place for the smoking and no smoking areas so that nonsmokers will be comfortable in the restaurants. Thirdly, smoking in the restaurants is not good for our health. If customers are eating in the restaurants and they become unhealthy, of course this is a serious problem and needs to be quickly solved. If a young people man gets lung disease, the smell of a cigarette can worsen his disease, and the young man could die. This is a very serious problem. For the reasons explained above, I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is not good for people's health.﻿I agree, because I am not a smoker, and I am a girl. Smoking is a waste of time, I think. May I take you on a little journey into my mind about smoking. Let's imagine that we are smokers! We buy cigarettes every day to burn into ash, but actually what we burn is our money; that is terrible that we buy something that can hurt ourselves with, especially our health. In other cases, cigarettes are poison. Everybody knows that, but they cannot leave the cigarette because the poison is in the cigarette itself. If someone smokes it once, he will try again, and again, and again. He was poisoned with the cigarette, and in the period, the cigarette was the primary tool. If we ask ten men, eight from them will say “I am a smoker.” This is the proof that cigarettes are poisoning almost all men in the world. If we don't smoke, we are passive smokers, we must warn smokers to change their smoking habits. If they can't stop smoking, we should tell them to be understanding of us as passive smokers so that they only smoke in private areas not in public areas, such as restaurants.﻿Smoking is the personal right of each person, and each person also has the right not to breathe smoke or even face the dangerous consequences of smoking. Smoking should not be allowed in public places so that people who do not smoke do not feel uncomfortable; however, smoking is not good for your health so it should be prohibited. Many people still smoke in public places, especially in restaurants, where people need comfort and nutrition for the body. When there are people smoking, the comfort is reduced and people could risk many potential illnesses. It is not possible for restaurants to make rules that ban smoking because they do not want to lose their potential customers, so it would be nice if every restaurant had a special place for smokers who are already addicted to smoking so that customers who do not smoke will not feel uncomfortable in restaurants and customers who are comfortable with billowing smoke have special rooms. It would be better if no-one smoked because we cannot get any advantage from smoking, only losses. So, it is not easy to decide to ban smoking in a restaurant.﻿I agree with this statement because smoking is a bad habit. As we know, smoking is an activity that gives no benefits and wastes our money. Smoking also makes people sick and causes serious diseases, not only for the smokers, but also the people who breathe in the smoke of their cigarettes. Smoking in the restaurant is also not polite because a restaurant is a place for eating. It will harm others. In the world, every year we can find 2.2 million human deaths because of lung disease. The disease is coming from many years of smoking. Cigarettes contain nicotine. If you think that nicotine is the only dangerous chemical in cigarettes, you are wrong! Nicotine can be absorbed into the blood. It makes a smoker feel relaxed because it is a neurotransmitter. It also makes a heartbeat, blood pressure, and adrenaline feel better. This makes a smoker want to smoke again. Cigarettes are made of tobacco, which is dangerous because it causes lung disease, heart disease, emphysema, and the other diseases. Some other dangerous materials in cigarettes include cyanide, benzene, cadmium, ammonia, and naphthalene. In all restaurants, smoking should be completely banned because it disturbs other people.﻿Smoking is a bad habit which is always done by stupid people, who think they look cool if they are smoking, or they believe that smoking can reduce their stress. But they forget about the risks to their health, and they do not care about the people around them. People who do not smoke (passive smoker) but spend their life in a smoking area will be in danger because they breathe in the bad air or the pollution from the smoker, and it will be cause problems for their lungs. Restaurants are places where people eat or gather, so there are people and food. So, I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants because the air will be bad and full of pollution from the cigarettes. And the passive smoker will get harmed. And the food will also become toxic because it is infected by the air. So, if we eat the food, it will make our body sick because the quality of the food is not good anymore. Also, the smoker will make people around them become passive smokers, and they will make their family sick. Smokers do not understand that when they are smoking, it is the same as if they are burning their money, and smoking will decrease their time in the world. One cigarette equates to one hour. So can you imagine? Nothing benefits our body from smoking; it is full of toxins that can destroy our body. I think it is better to avoid cigarettes and save our health, our children, and our families. Live happily without decreasing your time in this world because of cigarettes.﻿Companies in Indonesia sometimes have no smoking areas, because in Indonesia there is not yet an international standard. Industries which have an international standard usually have an area for smoking; smoking in Indonesia was forbidden a long time ago, but this is ignored because almost people in Indonesia are hard smokers, so it is not easy to stop people smoking. Almost all young people smoke every day, in fact every hour. Almost all of them use the cigarette as a friend when they are quiet, in restaurants, sometimes in public facilities, at bus stops, and at the market, etc. In restaurants, almost all people smoke when they are waiting for someone. All of the country should be banned from smoking, but most people ignore it, even though they know the effects of smoking. Restaurants in Indonesia have no area for smokers, so people smoke everywhere. There are many cases of death from the serious effects of smoking, but many people ignore it. Safety signs in restaurants forbidding people to smoke are ignored by some people and they still smoke without obeying the rule. Activities in the restaurant, which are followed by smoking, make people consider it a place for smoking. So, smoking should be banned in every city and country.﻿We know that smoking should be banned in all places actually. Why? Because it has many risks for all of aspects of our life, even in the restaurants in this country. And I think it is done properly. I agree with this statement to ban smoking in restaurants. Restaurants are public facilities where there are so many people who are not smokers. Many people take their children because restaurants are places for people to get together. So directly or indirectly, smoking can influence the comfort of visitors. We know there are so many bad effects of smoking. First, the biggest effect is disturbing the breathing and the lungs, and causing lung cancer. This is one reason why smoking is not allowed in restaurants. But I think, this rule is not only for restaurants, but also other public facilities, such as the market, mosque, church, bus stop, and railway station. One solution is that the owners of restaurants provide a special place for smokers. But sometimes, this rule is not followed by some people, they are lazy about going to the smoking area. So, next time, the government has to give a rule about smoking, they should give a hard punishment for everyone who disobeys the rule.﻿I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. It does not have any positive effects for the restaurant. It only can disturb the customers in the restaurant. Many customers will be passive smokers. Not only that, the smoke from the cigarettes will also poison the food and make people unhealthy. Passive smoking is more dangerous than active smoking. Passive smokers indirectly smell the smoke from the cigarette of the active smoker. The smoke is the poison, so the passive smoker is breathing in the poison from the cigarette of the active smoker. In many restaurants, there will be many children. If the restaurant is free of smokers, the children will smell the smoke from the cigarette. The food that has been served will automatically be poisoned because of the cigarette smoke, so the food will not be healthy. There is a solution if restaurant owners do not want to ban smoking from the restaurant, they must have a smoking area. A smoking area is a place for smoking. It is a closed room away from the main room, so the smoker can smoke freely in that room.