In high school, most students don't do a part-time job. I think that's because some of the students who were doing a part-time job still couldn't manage their time effectively. In fact, their scores were decreasing because of it. We are students whose first priority is studying. If a part-time job has a bad effect on our scores, I think it is better to stop doing the part-time job. But now we are college students, we have to manage our time wisely, and we should consider that doing a part-time job can give us many advantages. With a part-time job, we can help our parents earn money. And, instead of collecting money, we can get wonderful experiences from doing a part-time job. Experiences can help us do many things and make a conclusion. Experience is required when searching for a real job. Nowadays, there are many college students that do part-time jobs while studying at college and they do well in college and in their part-time job. If we could do them both, we shouldn't hesitate to do both college and a part-time job. It really gives us the precious experience that we need. It is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿Nowadays, college students are allowed to have part-time jobs while studying. The types of jobs vary from shop clerks to cleaning services. I think that these part-time jobs are important for college students. As we know, not everyone in this world is rich. The same applies to college students. Some of them cannot afford their education fees and might need to have an additional source of income. One of those sources is doing a part-time job. Part-time jobs allow college students to earn money without neglecting their studies. It is an effective solution for students with monetary problems. Besides money, part-time jobs also give students work experience. When we enter the working world, experiences are a good asset for us. Those assets can be gained by doing part-time jobs. For example, in some restaurants, we can see many part-time workers working as waiters. Those waiters can get communication experiences while serving the customers. Part-time jobs can also improve some essential skills such as time management. Part-time workers must manage their time so their work schedules do not clash with their college schedule. Also, they must know when to take a break for learning and doing projects. This way they can learn how to manage their time effectively. Part-time jobs can be helpful for college students. They can provide an additional income and experiences and build our skills. So, I think it is important to have a part-time job.﻿I think getting a part-time job while studying depends on the person. If he or she wants to earn money or get more experience, I think it should be okay. But, when we are really busy, have no time, and get easily tired, it is not the better choice. Getting a part-time job has a negative and positive sides. On the positive side, you can get more money for helping your parents, increase your income, get more experience, get more friends, be more independent, and take care yourself, so you can be more mature. On the negative side, you can get easily tired, spend a lot of time working, and have less time to study. If you want to get a good mark, I think you should think twice about taking a part-time job. Even if we can manage our time and maintain all of this, we should think twice about the effect on our body's health, because taking a part-time job is pretty difficult when you can't manage it well. If I must choose, I will not get a part-time job because it is difficult from me to manage my time, and actually I am easily tired. Despite not having any goals in my major (accounting) except getting a good final exam mark, I just do all of this as usual. Taking a part-time job like this just takes my time and puts myself at risk, so I absolutely refuse to do a part-time job.﻿I feel it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Whether it is important or not depends on their economic situation, ambitions, and other reasons. If their parents are rich, maybe it is not too important because they can pay for all of the college fees and books. But if they are a poor or middle-class family, maybe sometimes they need to do a part-time job to add to their income, or maybe they want something more. Some college students sometimes have a part-time job to fulfill their ambitions to be richer, but I think studying is more important for college students than doing a part-time job because the smarter they are, the faster they will finish their course, and they will save more money because they do not need to repeat their course. They will also be ready to face a better job and be more focused than before because they do not need to split their concentration between their part-time job and study time. For poor students, of course, a part-time job is important because they need more money to pay for the college fees, for their books, and their transportation. Generally, some students do not take a part-time job seriously.﻿There are three reasons why I agree that college students should have a part-time job. First of all, they will learn how to manage their money effectively. When working part time, they will get more money and they can reduce their parent's burden by helping to pay their school fees. It is not only money that the student must be able to manage effectively. The student will learn how to manage their time too. They will learn how to divide their time between work and study. This way, they will become an expert in time management if they can balance their part-time work with their studies. Also, their time won't be wasted doing activities that aren't important or are unproductive. And finally, the students will get more friends outside of the university. It can be hard to meet people when at university or at least in a different crowd of people. But if you work outside the university, you will meet lots of new people; making new friends can be refreshing when university becomes a bit stale and suffocating. Some people may disagree with me, but I believe there are more benefits than drawbacks for people who work part-time while studying.﻿As a college student, it is important to have a part-time job because it has many benefits for them. The first benefit is that it can increase their work experience before they have a real job. Students need to know how to act in the workplace, what they must do, and how to use their abilities at work. And they need to know too how to talk with the boss, what they need to do to earn a raise, and learn socialism at their workplace. The second benefit is to help their parents with their school funds. Having a part-time job can help students decrease their parents works, or increase their monthly income. It is useful for poor families that have a low monthly income. The third benefit is that it can help a student prepare for when they have a real job, so they will not be surprised when they feel something different from working; the level of difficulties between real life in the workplace and college life is really different. At college, we only get frustrated from the homework or things related to studying, but at work we can get frustrated by our boss, our rivals, or even our friends.﻿Part-time jobs for college students depends on the person's point of view. In some countries, part-time jobs are considered a form of learning to merge with society, learn about the working environment, and gain new experiences. Indonesian people have many different opinions about part-time jobs. Some think that part-time jobs are not necessary and students should focus on their college work. They think that the experience of working can be learned later after their education is finished. Some parents think that working can disturb the learning process of their children, while others think that working can make their children unwillingly continue their study as they will prefer working to learning. I have two different points of view. Firstly, I agree that working can be used as the media of learning for society. Students will be able to see and understand many new conditions, levels of work, and increase their funds. By receiving a salary from working, students can help their parents indirectly because they can use their salary for their daily needs. But working is not recommended for students who are already too busy with assignments and activities. Some colleges force students to study by giving them a lot of tasks. Some students get into the organization of extracurricular activities such as sports. If they are already busy with their work, it will become a burden for the students to work at a part-time job. I conclude that part-time work can be effective for certain people.﻿It is important for college students to have a time part-time job because college life requires a lot of money. So, as a way to help their parents, college students should spend some of their time working at a part-time job. And talking about a part-time job, there is a great variety of jobs, ranging from looking after a shop to helping at a local farm. While it has its own difficulties, looking after a shop might be an easy option, but taking care of a farm's animals or crops will require a lot of energy, some extra skills, and knowledge. The variety of payment that a college student can have is also different. Some jobs will not give you much but other jobs will be rewarding. The problem with having a part-time job is that, if you cannot manage your time, you will not have time to study or do some homework and this will have a bad effect on your study results. So, time management when you have a part-time job is very important. Here are some tips: try to find a part-time job that will not require your entire week since studying and rest are very necessary, and find a job that you can really do well. I think that would be all.﻿Since we were born until we graduated from high school, our parents have supported our financial needs. Even while attending college, we still use our parents' money. But not all students rely on their parents. Some work part-time teaching elementary, junior high, or senior high school students. Working part-time does not mean you have to be a teacher; there are many other jobs. We can look for them on the Internet or ask for help at the CAC (Career Assistance Center at our university). Or, we can ask for recommendations from friend who already have a part-time job. Working part time doesn't mean we have to work while we are studying. We can work part time during the holidays, so we don't waste our time lazing around not knowing what to do. By working part time, we can get some activity to do, and we can get money to lessen the burden on our parents. Working part time also gives us experience. However, later, when we are looking for a job to fulfill our needs, we can write our part-time job on our CV. So, it's important for us as college students to have a part-time job. Although, we can't fulfill all of our needs, we can learn to be independent.﻿Part-time jobs should be applied to students of XXX University. First, part-time jobs can be useful for students to gain additional experience. Besides getting experience at their university, they can also get experience outside of the university by taking a part-time job. The worlds of work and study are totally different. Part-time jobs give students a lot of benefits, for example, they become aware that when they graduate they will work like they work at a part-time job. Hence, they will be accustomed to working and will not get shocked about how hard the world of work is. Also, they will find out how hard it is to make and collect money by working at a part-time job. Second, by taking a part-time job, students can learn to manage their time well. Taking a part-time job means that students are ready to balance their energy, time, and mind. A part-time job takes up a lot of time. So, students should be able to manage their time well, so it does not interfere with the time needed for studying, or doing homework or assignments. Last, a part-time job is very useful for students who have a lot of leisure time because they can apply their leisure time for useful things. They can do a part-time job when they have finished studying. Part-time jobs can be done by each student provided they have enough time to work.