I agree with the statement. I think there are two reasons why I agree. First, having a part-time job when we are college students can be a preparation for being a member of society. I have had a part-time job for four years. My part-time job is teaching junior high school students Math and English. I have learned many important things. For example, how to talk with my boss, how to deal with personal information and how to associate with my colleagues. If I didn't have it, I would not have any common knowledge, common sense or friends. I think I grew as an adult compared with when I was a high school student. Second, it is a chance for us to know the importance and value of money. When I received a salary for the first time which was made by myself, I thought that I mustn't waste money. Until I entered college, I used to be bought many things by my parents. It is not too much to say that I didn't know how hard we work to make money. Recently, many college students have a part-time job. I think they also learn many things like me. So, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree with this opinion. There are some reasons. First, it is important for college students to learn how difficult it is to earn money. If students don't have a part-time job and they only study and enjoy their free time, they never experience the importance of earning money. Second, they can meet a lot of people through a part-time job. In college, people who come  are almost the same age. Probably, there are other college students, or women who have children, or people from other regions etc. These people can know many things that you don't know or you won't learn at your college. So you can learn not only at school but also at the place you work. Third, if you experience many kinds of work through a part-time job, you can learn what work is about. And you can imagine how you want to work. The time that you are college students is only a few years, but you must prepare for the future before you graduate college. So having a part-time job is very important. I think that having a part-time job is as important as studying in college. If students spend much more time on their part-time job and they don't have enough time to study, they should reduce the time that they spend on their part-time job.﻿As a college student, I agree to the statement. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have 3 reasons to support this opinion. Firstly, for students to learn how to manage money. College students don't have much money, but have lots of time so they tend to use it too much. They're not good at controlling it. If they work, they'll recognize the importance and value of money. They're also going to get responsibility for money so they will never waste it. In the near future we college students will have our own family. We will have to manage money all on our own. We should be independent and learn how to control money as soon as possible. Secondly, for students to know society. Now, in university, lots of students are so lazy. Some are always late for school, some often sleep during class and so on. Thanks to having a part-time job, they can know the responsibility for their tasks. There are many differences between college and society. In society, rules are much stricter than college. If they don't know their society at all, they may not be able to be hired because of bad manners. So for students, a part-time job is a  good opportunity to practice for the future. Lastly, for companies to save money. Now in Japan, the economic situation is not good and companies hire fewer people than usual. So they are in trouble because of lack of staff. If companies hire general people, they have to pay a lot of money. But for students, the pay is only about 800 yen per hour. Companies may want to hire students more than general people. In conclusion, I think college students should get a part-time job both for students and for companies. ﻿I agree with this statement, I think that college students should have a part-time job. I have three reasons for this. First, they can learn a lot through having a part-time job, and it will be useful in their future. For example, I worked at a Hotel as a service staff member at the banquet. Through this job I could learn that it is not easy to earn money, and I felt appreciative towards my parents, because they have worked for me since I was born. If I hadn't had a part-time job, I would never get such an understanding. This is just one lesson from my working experience, but I believe every college student can learn something important through doing a job. So in my opinion, college students should have a part-time job. Second, having a part-time job gives them a lot of information about occupations. Then if they have a several kinds of jobs in their university days, they can know what kind of jobs they really want to do in the future. I mean that having a part-time job brings happy lives for college students. Third, I think students have to have a part-time job, and earn money by themselves, because college students need a lot of money for trips, study, or to play with their friends. They should not make their parents pay all of their expenses. They should try to be independent from their parents. So, they have to work in order to earn the money that they need. In conclusion, from these three reasons, I believe that having a part-time job is important for college students.﻿I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course, college students have to study but study isn't all they have to do. They also have to experience a lot of things before they graduate from  college and begin to work. For example, reading books, listening to music, playing sports, and going on trips. In regards to trips, they can go where they haven't visited, see what they haven't seen and feel something special. College students are not children but also not adults. Time while being a college student is time to experience and feel a lot of things  as they prepare to become perfect adults. For that, they need some money. They have to prepare the money they need by themselves, because they aren't children. Their parents mustn't give them money and they mustn't depend on help from their parents. To use the money they work to get is important. By using money they work to get, they can know the importance of money and ways to use money. That's why they have to have a part-time job.﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. This is important because they can learn a lot of things through their part-time jobs. For example, if they work in a store, they learn that smiling is very important, and that there are a lot of types of people in society. Part-time work is also important for students because the experiences that they have in their part-time jobs are very useful when they look for what they want to be in the future. They can do various types of part-time jobs, so it helps them to look for what they want to be in the future, and they cannot have a part-time job when they start to work full-time. When they are college students, they have a lot of time to work in a part-time job, but when they start to work full-time, they don't have time to work part-time as well. Part-time jobs are also important for college students because their experiences having a lot of part-time jobs when they were college students will become a good memories in the future. They will enjoy their lives more because of these memories. For these reasons, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because they can learn a lot of things through their part-time jobs.﻿I agree with the statement because part-time jobs gave me lots of experiences. For example, I learned the following things through part-time jobs. It is hard to make money because I have to go to my part-time job on the day and time that I promised, even if I don't want to. I have to be on time because if I am late, I interrupt my colleagues’ jobs and make bad relationships. I can't stay self-centered because guests choose the restaurant which they want to go to, so I need to make them comfortable when they choose my shop. I learned from part-time jobs about the importance of making money and making relationships. But I learned it is tiring to have job at the same time. I need time to rest and recover. So it interrupts my study to have too much work. I agree with having a part-time job but it is better to work during long vacations like summer or spring vacation, because students’ first priority is study and part-time jobs should not interrupt their study.﻿It is important for college students to have part time jobs. I have two reasons why. One reason is to make money. College students have much free time compared with other members of society. Adults often say, “I have money but no time.” As college students, we can do what we want to do as far as time permits. Therefore, we need money. The other reason is to have many opportunities through part time jobs. Part time jobs enable us not only to make money but also to make friends, have a sense of responsibility, learn manners, and so on. As for me, I have had a part time job and worked at a doughnut shop for 3 years. I work from 5:00 to 9:00 and go to school twice or three times a week. Since I started my part time job, I have changed. For example, I come into contact with a wide range of people from children to old people through my part time job. I have learned how to talk with a range of people. This skill has helped me in job interviews. Consequently, I received an informal job offer. In addition, I sometimes travel using the money I have earned. I have been to India, Australia, South Africa, and so on. I had invaluable experiences in these places. I couldn't get such experiences by relying on pocket money from my parents. But there is one thing that I must not forget. The main work for students is not their part time job but study. So students must hold a part time job so that the job doesn't interrupt their study.﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Here are some reasons. First, college students have much more free time than junior high school students and working people. So, college students have to use some time for working. If they have a lot of time, they often use the time for only leisure. If they use it for a part-time job, they may get something good for their life. This is the second reason. College students can learn a lot of things that they can't learn in their college. They can learn, for example, the difficulty of making money, systems in society, and they can also learn gratitude to their parents. Third, I think that college students should be independent of their parents, because college students aren't children; they are almost adults. It is difficult for them to be completely independent from their parents, but it is important to become independent in some ways. One of the points I think is having a part-time job. They should make money that they use for leisure. Even if the money they can earn is only a little, the action can help their parents, I think. Those are the reasons why I think that college students should have a part-time job.﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons. First, college students can learn a lot of things that they don't study at college through working. For example, relationships, skills and manners. I have a part-time job in a Japanese restaurant. The work is very hard, and I often receive advice from colleagues and from my boss. Sometimes I am scolded very badly. I want to quit the job when the boss scolds me, but my colleagues and boss help me when I'm in trouble. In fact, I really thank them because they teach me important things for fitting in with society. I have also become responsible because of my job. I really realize that I have matured through working. It is good for me. Secondly, college students can communicate with many people with whom they can't speak in daily life. In the Japanese restaurant where I work, there are many housewives. I sometimes feel that there is a generation gap, but talking with them is very fun. We talk about raising children and money. They talk about things that I don't know about. It is very interesting for me. I think having a part-time job gives a lot of important social benefits to college students.