I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today, because of health problems and high costs, more and more Japanese don't smoke. In Japan, many public places have made smoking illegal and many people hate smoking, so smokers have difficulty in living. If smokers have to stop smoking and don't know what to do, they have great difficulty in smoking at the restaurants. When smokers want to smoke a cigarette and they realize that smoking is forbidden, they are heavily disappointed. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, smokers won't make trouble at restaurants for people who don't smoke. I think the best way for Japan is to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. In doing so, smokers will learn that smoking is not good for other people. In college years, people don't judge smokers harshly if they smoke. But in society, people judge smokers harshly. For these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons: health problems and manners. First, smoking causes health problems. Smoking isn't good not only for a smoker's health but also for other people's health. If a smoker has disease like cancer in his lungs because of smoking, it is his responsibility. However, if a person who doesn't smoke develops lung cancer, he will want to find out why this happened. Of course, we can't know that all lung disease is caused by smokers, but there is possibility to develop lung disease in the future when someone smokes at a restaurant. Second, it is a matter of manners not to smoke in public spaces in today's Japan. Smoking makes a lot of people feel bad, so not smoking in public spaces is good manners. But, do we have to ban smoking? There is a good example. You will not do your makeup in a train because it is bad manners and it makes many people feel bad. But some people do makeup in a train even though they know it is bad manners. It is same as smoking. If we don't ban smoking clearly, some people will smoke at a restaurant in spite of knowing that many people hate it. For these two reasons, I think that smoking has to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I strongly support the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, not only because I hate the smell of tobacco, but also because it is bad for the health of all the people in a restaurant. I have 3 reasons mainly. Firstly, because tobacco smoke smells so bad for non-smokers, it is very irritating to endure it. Even though some restaurants have the smoking seats, smoke comes into the non-smoking area and disturb us when we are trying to enjoy the food. I always get a headache when I smell tobacco smoke, and I feel like leaving soon, even when the food is delicious. As long as smoking causes harm to others in public spaces, it should not be allowed at all. The next reason is the cost of restaurants. Because there are a lot of people who hate the smoking, restaurants have to separate the area to get customers. However, as I mentioned before, it is very difficult to separate completely and cost too much if they use high-tech solutions like air curtains. It is much better to prohibit smoking itself in all restaurants because it can be fairer with no difference between restaurants. Lastly, even for smokers, smoking in restaurants should be banned. That is because smokers cannot stop smoking by themselves but it is sure they should reduce their tobacco intake for their own health. Actually, restaurants or coffee shops are the best place for them to smoke in their daily life. If smoking is banned, surely they have to endure their cravings until they come home or they find smoking space in a station or some other space. Therefore, it can be of benefit even to smokers in a long term aspect. For these reasons, I think we should ban smoking completely at all restaurants.﻿I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly, smoking is bad for one’s health. There is scientific evidence and everyone knows this fact. Above all, non-smokers dislike smoking. Though I do not smoke, we have a choice whether we smoke or not. We have a right to do things freely. Many smokers may relieve stress by smoking. I would feel sorry for them if smoking was banned, because they would lose their way to relieve stress. Smoking is banned in public. Now, in Japan some restaurants have smoking seats and non-smoking seats, and others have only non-smoking seats. If smoking is banned more, people will smoke only their houses. Non-smoking areas are increased this way. But, recently cigarettes have been sold not only at tobacconists but also at convenience stores. In fact, tax on cigarettes helps the Japanese government. Nevertheless, banning smoking in many places is a mistake. It is not only smokers who are bad. The Japanese government has the responsibility to solve a problem. Though it is a very difficult issue, it is not natural that only smokers are blamed. Also, non-smokers have to try to be patient and understand smokers, and smokers have to be careful about their manners when they smoke.﻿I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly, many people who don't smoke don't want to eat next to smokers. I agree with this thinking. But by banning smoking at a restaurant, smokers won’t go there to eat and drink. Banning smoking has two bad effects. First, when smoking is banned at all the restaurants, smokers cannot eat out. Then they can't eat something in their favorite restaurants. It makes them unhappy. And when smokers don't eat in restaurants, the number of guests who comes to restaurants will be less than ever. Then the profit of the restaurant will decrease. I think that this is very inconvenient for the restaurant, so I disagree that smoking should be completely banned. But we should consider people who don't smoke. Therefore, I think that smoking should be partially banned at all the restaurants. Restaurants should have some space where people can smoke and some space where people can not smoke. By doing that, both of non-smokers and smokers can enjoy their meals. So I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, but I agree that it should be partially banned.﻿I agree with this statement. At all of the restaurants I have ever been to there is no wall between smokers’ seats and non-smokers’ seats, so I want to explain about only this kind of restaurants. First of all, I want to explain about one reason. Recently in more and more restaurants, smoking has been completely banned in Japan, however there are still two kinds of seats, smoking and non-smoking, in some restaurants. I am not a smoker, so I will choose the non-smoking seats. But even if I sit in those seats, I often feel bad because of the flowing smell of smoke. The smell of the cigarette is very strong. That is why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Secondly, I have heard that secondhand cigarette smoke is much worse than firsthand smoke. That means that smoking has a worse effect on non-smokers at a restaurant than smokers. I think it is unfair for non-smokers. I think smokers should smoke outside of a restaurant or in one smoker's room. It is fair and reasonable. Smoking is bad for your health. I am sure that we have to discuss good or bad points of smoking before thinking about banning smoking at restaurants. That is why I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants all over the world, not only in Japan.﻿I agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I would like to show you three reasons. The first reason is that restaurants should be places where you enjoy food, not smoke. Restaurants serve you very nice and special food. You can enjoy beautiful food with all your senses like seeing, smelling and tasting. But smoke can harm this very happy time. You cannot enjoy the appearance of food due to smoke. You cannot savor good smells due to smoke. You might not understand the real taste due to smoke. Cigarette smoke prevents you from enjoying a nice meal. Secondly, I want to mention that most of the people who don't smoke really hate smoke, especially when they have meals. People who don't smoke are more sensitive to smoke and the smell of cigarettes than smokers. Restaurants are different from outside places that can push away smoke and get fresh air. People cannot enjoy their dinner due to smoke. Finally, the third reason is that your smoking can harm other people who want to avoid bad effects on their health. People who are concerned about their health cannot help breathing smoke. For these three reasons, I believe that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree with this statement. I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants. I have 2 reasons. Firstly, because of the bad smell, people cannot enjoy eating at restaurants. Recently, in most restaurants, smoking and non-smoking areas are divided, but it is impossible to shut out the smoke and bad smell completely. So some people who don't smoke have to endure the bad smell from the smoking area while eating. Because of the smell of smoke, sometimes the smell or taste of food is changed. In order to keep the quality of food and people's rights to enjoy eating, smoking should be banned at all restaurants. Secondly, smoke is bad for our health. It causes many kinds of disease, like lung cancer. For smokers it is totally voluntary to take this risk, but non-smokers also have to breathe in smoke at restaurants for the reasons stated above. Moreover, secondhand smoke includes more dangerous substances than firsthand smoke. Especially in restaurants, people often take their babies and children, and smoke has really bad effect for their physical development. We need protect people around smokers from smoke in public spaces. Therefore, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan.﻿I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think this because smoking does harm not only to the smoker but also to people around him or her. It goes without saying that smoke is gas. Though we can separate seats, we cannot separate gas. If a smoker sits in a smoking section, and you sit in a non-smoking section near him in a restaurant, the more he smokes, the more smoke you take. In addition, we can reduce the costs and time if smoking is banned. Restaurants will not need to buy and clean ashtrays. You may say that this is too strict for smokers, but if they really want to smoke, they should go to a smoking room that stops the gas from leaking out. I believe this idea sounds very nice for both smokers and non-smokers. And these days, the number of people who smoke is reducing in Japan. The price of smoke is getting higher and higher, and it is troublesome to get even a pack of cigarettes in Japan. Then, how about eliminating cigarettes? They simply do not have any good aspects. They just harm our health. In one of the ways we can help eliminate cigarettes, we can get rid of the smoking sections in restaurants in Japan.﻿I don't think that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Japan. I have some reasons to follow this idea. It is true that smoking hurts humans’ health and cigarette smoke also hurts non-smokers. But, smokers have rights and freedom of choice when it comes to smoking. Only forbidding smoking doesn’t make smokers’ smoking manners better. Of course, non-smokers’ health is really important. Smoking without manners will cause a lot of conflict. I have some ideas to solve this problem. First, distinguish smoking and non-smoking seats more strictly. Almost all restaurants, of course, distinguish them already. But, most restaurants distinguish them only by space. I think that this is not enough. I propose that restaurants separate these places by walls. By doing this, smokers can smoke as they please, and non-smokers don't have to worry about the damage to their health caused by the smoke. It doesn't have to take much tax; only a little will work. Second, increase the tax on cigarettes. If smokers need more money for smoking, they will reduce their smoking a little more, at least, in restaurants. Based on these reasons and solutions, I think it is too strict to say that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Japan.

