I agree with this statement. In my opinion, there are two big reasons. Firstly, we can get money. College students need a lot of money for many things. For me, it's really important to go out with friends and go shopping, go to stylish cafés, and drink. I can't survive without money from my part time job. Some people get money from their parents, but I don't want to bother my parents. They already pay for my school and rent, it costs a lot. I think I have to earn money for my amusement by myself. Another reason is that we can get valuable experiences. We meet new people and learn about customer service, how difficult or hard it is to get money before we graduate school. I could thank my parents as I knew how to make money and how hard it is. Also, I learned about the service manners which would be useful when I get a job. Of course studying is the most important things for students, but we won't be able to get this kind of experience in university. I think experiences from a part time job is as value as classes in school. That's why I agree with having a part time job.﻿I agree with it. Because they need training to work before they graduate. Studying in college is very different from working in society. If they don't study hard that is a personal problem but if employees don't work hard that is not a personal problem. If they have a part-time job they can learn  a lot. For example: responsibility, hospitability, communication skills, how to solve problems, and so on. They will also quickly get used to working when they have a full-time job as they have experience working. But working in college is not the only thing to do. Of course they need to study and read. If they don't study their college fee is of no use. However a lot of students tend to take their time to work for money that they can use for what they want. They need social training but they have to understand what is important to do now. They can work as much as they want after they graduate. But college life only happens one time for many students. So it is important for college students to have a part time job, and it is also important for them to study. Balance is key to success in their college days.﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reason is that they can learn a lot of things which are very important but which are not taught in schools. For example, they can learn how to build a good relationship between colleagues or their  boss. Whatever part time work you may be doing, it is usual that you need to cooperate with others to work. Through this kind of cooperation, they can learn what is important to make relations with colleagues or bosses better. In my case, I teach English to high school students in a cram school as a part time job. Through the experience of cooperating with other teachers and teaching students, I realized how important it is to mutually communicate with people. Another example is that they can grow a respectable attitude towards money. Through working hard and then getting money as a salary, they may realize that getting money requires hard work and how important money is. This also applies to me. Before I started to work as a part time teacher, I thought that money was something that was given by my parents for free but now I think that money needs labor and time. In conclusion, a part time job can teach many important things to students. Therefore, college students should have a part time job.﻿I agree with this statement because I think they can learn many things which are important after graduating through a part-time job. They can learn what they are good at and how to speak to others. They can understand what they are good at or not. There are some types of part-time job, teaching, delivering, cooking, customer service and so on. Home teacher, for example, is a typical job for college students. Those who have no idea of his/her future may want to be a teacher be being a home teacher. Or, those who want to be a teacher may change his/her dream because he/she realizes him/herself not good at teaching. So it's a good chance for college students to know themselves. Next, it is important to speak politely when we speak to others such as our boss, strangers and so on. When they only spend their time in college, they only speak to friends and they have few chances to speak politely. So in order to learn how to speak to others, it is valuable for college student to have a part-time job. So as I said, they can learn what they can do and how important it is to be polite through a part-time job.﻿I agree with the statement. There are two reasons that I support this opinion. First, part-time jobs are the only opportunity to experience what a job is and how it works, before entering a company. Before entering universities(even after entering them), almost no students have decided what type of jobs they want to do or which company they are interested in. For those students, part-time jobs are good chance to find a job which they truly want to do. Also, in Japan, once we enter a company, it's very difficult to quit the job and to find another job, even if the job is uncomfortable. However, you could have many part-time jobs and quit them easily. I myself have been working in the cram school, and I learned a lot of things. Second, most university students don't receive their allowance from their parents. So, they have to work to earn money for leisure activities, for payment of mobile phones, or dating with their boy/girlfriend. In some clubs whose club dues are high, all members do a part time job as a club activity. For them, part-time jobs are a very important for their daily lives. To conclude, I strongly suggest that university students try to experience part-time jobs as much as possible, as long as they do not become an obstacle to studying.﻿I can't agree with the idea. I think that study is more important for college students than having a part-time job. Of course, if college students could do both equally, it would be best. Yet most of them, at least those around me, can't do so. This is especially true for students from national colleges who are given a lot of money by the country for going to college and studying. Therefore, I think they must study hard to become the people who are capable of doing something. Sometimes I hear the opinion saying things like the following: “College students should have a part-time job because it gives them many experiences to live socially”. I think doing various things is good for young people, too. At the same time, I think it is ridiculous to have part-time job that takes a lot of time when all of the rewards are just money. Seen in the long span, it is better  for college students to study hard about their specialties than spend their precious time on a part-time job. Studying is making their career. If they have to pay their college fees by themselves, they should have a part-time job but, if their parents or country do so, they should have a part-time job to live or to study not to play.﻿I disagree with this statement. I have three reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, students cannot concentrate on their college studies if they have a part-time job. I think that the most important work for students is studying. However, if they have a part-time job, they have to spend a lot of their time on their part-time job. Thus, they tend not to be able to focus on their studies in college. I know some of my friends, who have part-time jobs and spend most of their time on it, almost always take a nap during their classes. This happens because they work hard until mid-night for their part-time jobs and can sleep only four or five hours in the night time. In this example, having a part-time job prevents college students from studying. Secondly, having a part-time job sometimes damages students' health. As I mentioned above, because of their part-time job, some students cannot get enough sleep. This can cause serious damage to their health. Also, their job requires them to work several hours, sometimes seven or eight hours a day, so they tend to lose their regular diet. Therefore, having a part-time job causes serious damage to students' health. Finally, students tend to waste money if they have a part-time job. Although there are a few exceptions, most students are given financial support by their parents. Thus, most students do not have to pay their college fees and other kinds of fees on their own. This means that they can freely spend the money that they earn from their part-time job. Thus, some students tend to buy very expensive things without adequate reflection. For these three reasons, I disagree for the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I think college students should not spend time on part-time jobs. I think college students should do things what they can do only when they are college students, for example, read many books, go for a trip, play sports, take part in club activities, etc. Indeed, you'll have some time for these things after starting to work for a company, but there will be less time. Like many people say, you can work as much as you like after graduating from college. The only problem is that all the money you use for these experiences is earned by your parents, not you, so you must be careful not to waste money and time. You should always keep in mind that time is finite. As long as you think the things you are going to do are necessary for your future, you should do them. So, if are willing to be an owner of a restaurant in the future, having a part time job at a restaurant might be a good experience rather than just reading books about management or food. But, in my opinion, I think students should read books. Reading books on various topics will surely have a positive effect on your future.﻿I agree with the statement. Some people may think that there are disadvantages to students having part-time jobs. These people worry about students spending a lot of time on the job and not having enough time to study. However, I think that their concern is nonsensical because students know the importance of study, and they will study in their free time. I think there is more advantage to having a part-time job than disadvantage because of the following reasons. First, I think that doing a part-time job will help students' parents. Having a part-time job makes students earn extra money. Thanks to that extra money, some poor parents who cannot earn enough money for their child to go to college can send their children to college. Second, having a part-time job makes students develop economic independence from their parents, and they can realize the importance of money. Third, the most important reason I think, it is useful for them to experience working life before they work at a company. If they have a part-time job, they can take responsibility and get many job skills, for example, greeting people, conversation, presentation and so on. So, they will be able to work better than those who have never experienced a job. That's why I think having a part-time job is important for students.﻿I don't agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course there are both good aspects and bad aspects to having a part-time job. I'm going to write why I don't agree with the idea by showing both good aspects and bad aspects of having a part-time job. Let me explain. They say young people can acquire far more things than older people in the same time. If we have a part-time job, we can get some money, and getting money from one's work is surely a good thing. However, we can't actually have what we could have acquired if we had done something other than working. This is a bad aspect of having a part-time job. On the other hand, having a part-time job itself can teach something important to us. For example, through a part-time job, we can realize the value of money, or realize our parents' effort to raise us, know how we can give better service to customers, or encounter many people and enhance our knowledge. Those are the good aspects of having a part-time job, and we cannot do those things by just reading our textbooks or something like that. In my opinion, college students should regard their study as more important than anything else. If we want to experience the good aspects of having a part-time job, I think it is a good idea to have a short term part-time job. However, I think having a part-time job regularly can sometimes affect the quality of college students' learning. Therefore, I think it is better for them to study as much as possible rather than to spend their precious young years, unless they are in a financially difficult state.