I agree with the preceding statement. This is because, I think that college students need a lot of money. I have two reasons for this. First, they should buy many books and read them. They can study a lot of things from the many books. If they go to the library, they can read many books, but they are forbidden from writing in the books from the library. I think writing in books for studying is very important. Therefore, college students need a lot of money to buy a lot of books. Second, they need to make many friends. To make a friend, they should belong to a club. On the club activities, they will need a lot of money. If they get friends, they can enjoy eating and drinking with their friends. On summer vacation, they can plan to have a trip overseas. I think college students need to study and play. A part-time job gives them not only the money but also the wonderful experiences. It is a  very precious thing working in society, and finding out various things. For example, they feel the importance of being responsible for their work and difficulty with getting money. I think college students should have a part-time job, and study a lot of things.﻿I agree with it. I have three reasons to support my answer. Firstly, I think we should have a part-time job to learn how work before being employed in a company. We go to a university to learn many things before being employed and we have a lot of  time to do something after classes. We can choose whether we have a part-time job to learn how work or not. So we should have it. Secondly, I suppose we should know how hard earning is. I did not know that earning money to live is really hard until I had part-time job for which I could thank my parents. I think it is important for us to know how hard earning is and to thank our parents. Thirdly, we can use payments from  a part-time job to do many things for experience. As I said we have a lot of time in a university and we can do something for ourselves using payments from our part-time job. For example, we can go travel and see the world, buy books, organize a student conference and so on. I think that experiences will help us after we graduate. So I agree that is important for college students to have a part-time job. This is because we can learn how work, we can know how hard earning is and we can get good experiences thanks to a part-time job.﻿I disagree with that. To be sure, to have a part-time to live is vital for college students. But it isn't good to earn money for play. Generally speaking, college students have more free time than high school students and junior high school students. How to use their time all depends on them. Many college students spend a lot of time working part-time because they need to earn money to play with friends. Making many friends in college is good, however, but studying is also important. In college, there are many things to do, for example, taking part in an internship, a club, a seminar, and so on. So, college students should actively challenge how much they can do in college. By challenging themselves a lot, they are able to do their best with confidence when they work in the future. Wages of a part-time job are very low generally, and working part-time is very tiring for college students. So, it costs them a lot of time and effort to get money by working part-time. As a result, they can't often concentrate on a class and study for a test in college. It is not good for them. Therefore, I don't think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that college students should have a part-time job. There are five reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, by holding a part-time job, they can find that earning money is very hard. Because of this, they will think seriously about how they use their money. College students have a lot of free time. If they want to travel abroad, they can make money by working in part-time job. Planning how to use money is helpful when they begin to work full-time. Secondly, if they have a part-time job, they can meet people from a variety of generations, from children to senior adults. Through this, they can know various people's way of thinking. Thirdly, the harder they work in a part-time job, the more they are rewarded. For example, their salary per hour may be increased. Fourthly, by doing many kinds of part-time job, they can learn their most suitable future job such as teaching children, serving customers in shops, and so on. In fact, I have a lot of friends who want to become teachers, and they teach junior high school students while they are studying. Lastly, they have responsibility for their job. Responsibility is an important thing to learn for when they work full-time. As above, they can learn society's basic rules. This is why I agree that college students should have a part-time job.﻿I agree with the statement. There are three reasons why I agree. First, college students need a lot of money. They must pay college fees. They also need to buy clothes, and to eat and drink in order to be sociable. They should not force their parents to pay a lot for them. They should pay the costs by themselves, so they should have a part-time job. Second, they can make friends when they work. By working together, they will become friendly. It is very good to have many friends. For example, when a student has a problem, he or she can ask their work friends for advice. Their advice might be different from college friends’ advice. It is important to hear many kinds of advice. Finally, a student is able to practice for their future job by having a part-time job. If they have not had a part-time job, they don't know what kind of job is good for them. To have a part-time job is a good chance to what kind of job is good for a student’s future. Some people might say that students can study more if they don't have a part-time job. This is true, but I think it is more important to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job will make a student a better person. This is why I agree with the statement.﻿I agree the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because I think that college students need to have the skills to work in adult society. Today, part-time jobs have spread to many areas of industry and have become important roles in these areas. Many companies want young people to work as part-time workers, so we who are college students, young men and women, have more chance to experience the difficulties of working in adult society. For example, I am working in Kobetsukan, a private school with lessons similar to those in a formal school, as a part-time worker. That is my first job as a job to make money and teaches me about the realities of being a worker in adult society. In the private school, I am called Mr/Ms NARUSAWA, and students see me as a professional teacher, but I cannot judge whether this is true or not. When I was seen as a professional worker, I could learn the meaning of working in adult society. It is that I have to play a role as the character other people expect me to. That I knew the mean is the biggest mean for working as a part-time job.﻿I agree with this idea I think college students should have some part-time jobs. I also think they should study hard while they are students. They must live well between part-time jobs and study. This is not because college students need much money. If they have a part-time job, they will have many friends and meet many different ways of thinking. I think there are two types of part-time job. The first one is a job in a juku (cram school). If you have a part-time job in a juku, you must have your own students. You have to study, too. Your previous study is useful. The second type of part-time job is a job in a store. If you work as a shop clerk, you must communicate with a lot of customers. Your communication ability will improve. You will have a lot of responsibility. It is hard to continue a part-time job, but responsibility is needed in society. You will have to have responsibility for everything you do when you become an adult. If you have a part-time job, your perspective will be broad. Before you start life in society, you should practice communicating with many other people and learn how to survive in society.﻿I disagree with this opinion. I think part-time jobs are not necessary for college students. First, college students must study hard. It is very important for college students to study. I think that a student is a person who studies academically or is educated, not someone who works. If a student thinks that their study is finished when their classes are finished, they are wrong. Study is not limited. Second, I think that college students, whether or not they have a part-time job now, will graduate and be working about four years later. After all, college students will have to work in the future, so they should not work now. Third, working is very hard and takes up a lot of time. A man said that one hour for a college or university student is worth ten years to an old man. Actually, the period which is spent in college or university is very important. Students must spend this time seriously. Fourth, there are a lot of things for students to do apart from study. Club activities may benefit college students. Club activities teach a lot of things that are not taught in education. College student should spend a lot of time in these activities, not working. I think part-time jobs are not necessary for college students.﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have three reasons. First, if students have a part-time job, they can learn how they work in society. They will have to work when they graduate from college, so I think they should have time to prepare for working in society. Second, if they work in various situations, they will learn how to communicate with people. College students should experience various situations. Third, college students need a lot of money when they graduate from college, so they must earn some money to use then. I think it is too late for them to earn money when they become employees. Because most college students are adults, they should earn their own money. However, the main thing that they should do is study. College students should have enough time to study. It is useless for them to have no time for study because of working too hard. College students don't have to earn too much money, so I think they should work during summer vacation, winter vacation, etc. If they experience working, it will enrich their life.﻿I agree with this statement, because having a part-time job is very important to learn about our society. My opinion is that it is important for high school students to study many subjects, such as math, English, science, Japanese, society, etc. Therefore, high school students should not work a part-time job. But college students must work after graduating from college, so while they are college students they should learn about working. Because of this, I think they should have a part-time job. If they have a part-time job, they can get some money. In addition, they can learn the difficulty and the importance of earning money. By getting some money they can travel extensively and go abroad to learn about other countries’ culture, leisure activities, language and clothing, etc. But they must not work too much, since their aim, as students, is to learn a lot of technical knowledge. I think they should not work more than four times a week, because working four times a week is more than half of the week. My conclusion is that college students should have a part-time job, but their main activity should be studying, so they must not work too much.