I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't think that all Japan’s restaurants should have to ban smoking. I often eat lunch or dinner with my friend who is a smoker. On these occasions, we talk for a long time so he sometimes begins smoking. If all restaurants ban smoking, I will be not able to talk and eat dinner with him. Some people may say he shouldn't smoke when he eats dinner, but it is a matter of freedom for him to smoke. It's his own problem whether he smokes or not. Some people dislike smoking, but others do not. What shall they who don't like cigarette smoke do? Almost all restaurants in Japan have non-smoking seats. People who dislike smoking should use these seats. Then, they would not be interrupted by smoke. In Japan, smoking is not banned. If restaurants ban smoking, they will be troubled by fewer customers, because smokers won't dine at the restaurants. For these reasons, I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿Ｉdon't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays, almost all restaurants in Japan have two different seats. One is a seat for non-smokers, the other is a seat for smokers. When you go to a restaurant, a waiter surely asks you whether you smoke or not. So if you don't smoke or you hate cigarette smoke, you should choose a seat for non-smokers. However, in the case that you don't smoke but your husband or your friends smoke, they may choose a seat for smokers and you may put up with their smoke. In that case, you should not put up with it. You must say that you want to take a non-smoking seat. If smoking is completely banned at all restaurants, people who like smoking will not be willing to go to restaurant. Because of this, we should not completely ban smoking, but every restaurant should be careful about their internal environment. For example, they should place plants that keep the air fresh, or clean the air sometimes, etc. It is important for restaurants to keep their environment clean. And it is important for people who go to restaurants to say whether they want to smoke or not. For these reasons, I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons to support this opinion. The first reason is for health. Under the status quo, in some restaurants, seats are divided into smoking and non-smoking areas. But even if we sit in the non-smoking area, we have to breathe smoke because it flows from one area to another. The smoke raises our risk of getting cancer. This means that it harms not only smokers, but also surrounding people. Tobacco is very bad for our health. When smoking is banned, we don't have to be afraid of breathing smoke and worry about it in the restaurant. Without health, we can't do what we want to do. Health is very important for our life. Smokers must not hurt non-smokers' health. The second reason is for us to enjoy food. Imagine, when you taste delicious food, it smells of tobacco. Then, how do you feel? Of course you pay for the food and you want to taste as much as possible, but you can't. So smoke makes you irritated and you never come to the restaurant again. What's more, the restaurant staff worked hard to cook delicious food for you. It's a very bad situation both for restaurants and customers. Like this, now, we can't fully taste food because of smoke. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, we can always just enjoy having food. We will appreciate for the food and restaurants. It's very good for the relationship between restaurants and customers. I think restaurants should be places where we mainly enjoy eating. So as not to be interrupt our enjoyment of the food, smokers should have to smoke outside. In conclusion, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. This would benefit smokers, non-smokers and restaurant staff.

﻿I agree with this statement. These days, many restaurants in Japan are likely to separate the smoking area from the non-smoking area. However, some of them fail to separate them completely. This means that even if I take a table in the non-smoking area, I may smell the cigarettes from the smoking area. Cigarette smoke makes me uncomfortable, especially when I am having a meal. In my opinion, the solution to this problem is that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Moreover, smoking is bad for our health, and some studies have shown that if people smoke while they are eating, their risk of getting cancer is increased. So, the Japanese government should ban smoking at all restaurants in order to save all citizens' health. From my personal experience, I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan. One of my friends was able to quit smoking by the increasing number of non-smoking areas. It became harder for her to find areas where smoking is allowed. This made her smoking fewer cigarettes per day, and now she doesn't want to smoke at all anymore. Therefore, since I heard this story, I've believed that policy of smoking being banned in all restaurants makes it easier to quit smoking. That's why I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan.﻿I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because restaurants are places where we enjoy special food and conversation with friends, family, or a boyfriend or girlfriend, smoking is not needed there. Smoking in restaurants has two bad effects. One is that smell of smoking is bad for our enjoyment of food. For example, we can't enjoy the smell of foods if there are people who are smoking in the restaurant. Smell is an important part of food. We enjoy foods by not only their taste but also their smell. Smell can make foods good, or otherwise it can make foods bad. The other bad effect is that smoke is bad for one’s health. In restaurants, there are a lot of people: babies, children, teens, adults, and the elderly. Smoking has a bad influence on them all. Smoking is bad for health of all people, especially for babies and pregnant women. Smokers don't have the right to cause health problems for others. Smoking has these two bad effects. That's why I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People who smoke should consider the enjoyment of the food from that restaurant and health of the people around them.﻿I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because that smokers have the right to do what they want to do, as other people who are not smokers also have this right. Of course, I disagree that smokers should smoke whenever and wherever they want to. And I also disagree that smokers should be smoking when they are walking or working. Some people who think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country may say that smoking is very harmful and bad for the health of the smoker and the people around him, and I think that they are right. In fact, I don't like smokers very much. But I think that completely banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country is too strict for smokers. I also think that a complete smoking ban in restaurants is not fair for smokers. So, I think that at least some spaces where smokers can smoke freely should be made at all the restaurants in the country. This is why I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree with the statement because I hate smoking while I am eating a meal. Smokers have the right to smoke, but non-smokers also have the right not to smoke at the same time. But the non-smoker's right is lighter than smoker's. Smokers can smoke almost everywhere at any time. Despite the fact that smokers can control their desire for a short time like during class, if they want to smoke, they can go to a smoking place soon after eating a meal. It is hard for a non-smoker to say “don’t smoke” to them, and non-smokers have non-smoking places. Smoking causes many diseases like cancer, heart diseases, etc. Even smokers don't want to have these diseases. They don't want to get sick and are afraid of death after falling ill. But people don't stop smoking. One reason is the Japanese environment. People can get cigarettes easily and cheaply and can smoke almost everywhere. The Japanese government hasn’t forbidden smoking. They don't try to reduce smoking rates or announce that smoking is dangerous for one's health. If smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers would lose one chance, one place for smoking, and some smokers may quit smoking. It would be evidence that smoking is bad for one's health so the government banned it, and non-smoker could enjoy their meals.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. The main reason is that smoking is harmful not only for smokers but also for non-smokers. There are two types of tobacco smoke: firsthand smoke and secondhand smoke. The former is absorbed by smokers and the latter passively by non-smokers. If smokers have bad manners, smoke floats into the air. At first, restaurants are places where people gather and enjoy eating. The food tastes and smells good. If smoke is present in the restaurant, it reduces the dishes’ taste by half. Although people have the freedom to smoke, they may not harm others’ enjoyment of their meals. In fact, smoking has been banned from 10:00 to 14:00 on holidays in the doughnut shop where I work for a year. The is the peak time when people gather. I feel that more families with children come to the shop compared with before. It shows that more people dislike smoking. All people can enjoy meals equally at any time in any place. In Europe, most countries ban smoking in restaurants. Following Europe, it needs to be banned in Japan too.﻿I think that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country for several reasons. Cigarettes have a lot of bad effects on both smokers and non-smokers. First, restaurants are places that everyone enjoys eating and talking with his or her friends. Everyone should be happy in restaurants. Smokers may be happy to smoke. But non-smokers must be not happy, because even if they don't smoke, they have to breathe cigarette smoke. Even there is only one smoking person, the smoke spreads all over the room in restaurants. In my case, I don't like smoke and the smell of cigarettes, so if someone smokes in restaurants, I don't want to eat there. Second, smoking during eating is not good manners. At least during eating, smokers should stop smoking. Non-stop smoking is not only bad manners, but can also become a killer. This means that cigarettes may lead to diseases in both smokers and non-smokers. The disease of particular concern is cancer. Cancer is one of the more difficult diseases, because it often reappears, and if the cancer is too bad, the person may die. As you know from these examples, cigarettes give only bad effects to people. That is why I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree with this opinion for two reasons. First, it is painful for people who don't smoke to have dinner in the restaurant. They often have a worse experience when people are smoking. Some people say, “We don't have to ban smoking in the restaurants. It is enough to make the non-smoking seats.” It may be better than if there were no non-smoking seats, but we can't say it is enough. Because smoke really can go everywhere in the restaurants, people who don't smoke are still exposed to smoke. The managers in restaurants should be more careful for their guests to enjoy having their dinner. Second, smoking makes restaurants dirty. I have a part-time job in a Japanese restaurant and guests can smoke everywhere in the restaurant. After the guests go back home, I clean up the room. Then, I always find that there is a lot of ash on the tatami. It is really hard to clean. I also find the color of walls is getting a little yellow. I can't believe there are people who don't hesitate to make the room dirty. They are guests, but it is natural that they should have good manners.