I agree this statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think the best way to learn about money and society is to have a part-time job. In having a part-time job, college students learn about money and society and understand how difficult it is to earn money. College students also learn about  society which is not in school. More and more college students have a part-time job, they are able to prepare for their future life when they will work for their families. If college students don't have a part-time job and don't know what life is, they will have great difficulty in working. During college years, managers don't blame college students heavily if they make a mistake. But in a company, managers blame them heavily. To get used to work and earn money, college students need to have a part-time job. College students need to have a part-time job to know what a life is. So I agree with this statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.﻿I disagree with that opinion. I think that it is not important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two main reasons. The first reason is that students should study. What students have to do is study, but some students can't study enough because of their part-time job. For example, my friend has a part-time job teaching English to elementary school students. She is so busy everyday preparing for teaching. She often checks their answers to examinations even during classes at  university. Also, she is likely to be late for a class because she has to prepare for teaching all night. I don't think it is good for her. In that case, her part-time job prevents her from studying. The second reason is that many students spend most of their salary playing, not living. They mainly spend their money on clothes, their hobby, dating, traveling and so on. This means that most of them don't work for a living. For instance, my friend who I stated above is one such student. She lives with her family and doesn't have to work. However, she wants to get more clothes and to follow fashion. In closing, I don't want to say students must not have a part-time job, but it is not so important for them. Therefore, I think it is unimportant for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have three reasons to support my stance. Firstly, a part-time job is an important chance to experience society. Because a college is the place to prepare before going to the real society, a part-time job is very necessary to know how severe working is or how we may enjoy it. In my experience, I learned that even one mistake cannot be allowed in service through working in bakery. I also noticed the importance of the relationship with my seniors. The second reason is to solve a monetary problem. I think college students need a lot of money for texts or for some entertainment. However, we are already adults and should not totally depend on our parents for finance. Therefore it is better to earn by ourselves as much as possible. As for me, I can live without working if I could ask my parents to support me but I chose to work. This is because I have to learn how to manage myself before graduating university. After I started to work, I actually began to understand the importance of money when I buy something. Lastly, I think a part-time job is a good opportunity to get new friends. In a college, it is difficult to find so many kinds of friends because ages and departments are limited. However, if we work, we can meet many kinds of people regardless of ages or location. I think such relationships are precious even after getting older. For all those reasons, I strongly believe that having a part-time job is important for college students.﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course, I have a part-time job. A part-time job can be a valuable experience. Many high school students are banned from having a part-time job. Even if they want to work, their parents and teachers ban them from doing it. Yet, college students are free to have one  and have a lot of time. They should have a part-time job unless they are absent from classes because of it. Through a part-time job, I learned the difficulty of earning. Therefore, I learned to use money very carefully. This is an important thing in my life. Some people who did not have a part-time job when they are college students will not know the difficulty until they get a job. Then it is too late. People are not apt to forget things which they learned when they were young. My mother said it is very valuable for young people to have trouble. So, we should experience many things and get a correct view, the right way to think and so on. Those who acquired these will live comfortably as a result. A great life waits for them.﻿I agree with this statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons. The first, is that many college students don't have money but they need a lot of money for their food, clothing and shelter, playing with theirs friends, going anywhere and buying anything that they want. Yet, when they use their money to buy something, theirs parents don't always give some money to them. So they need to have a part-time job. By the working they can get some money, also experience selling products and services and learn the difficulties in earning money. This is the first reason. The second reason is that the wages for college students are cheaper than other workers. So if college students work part time, many companies and shops can hire them without paying higher wages to employees.  Now the condition of business is very bad in Japan. Some people think that because college students work part-time, many unemployed people miss their opportunities to work and so the unemployment rate is high. Certainly the population of the workforce does contain a number of college students and the part-time work done by college students causes the rise in the unemployment rate. Yet it is said that business in the world is the worst for a hundred year so when business gets good the unemployed people now will be able to get work and the unemployed people will be fewer than now. By college students working part-time, many companies and shops can decreased the payment of employees wage. So I agree with the statement.﻿I agree with this statement. Now I am in the third year of university. When I entered the university, I had to have a part-time job because I needed money. If I do not work, I cannot have fun in my college life. For example, drinking, travelling, buying clothes would be impossible. If you want to enjoy your college life, money is really one of the essential things. That is why it is very important for college students to have a part- time job. By the way, I am sure that you can gain and learn a lot of things if you have a part-time job. In a part-time job, you can meet lots of kinds of people, for example other university students and regular workers. By communicating with such kinds of people, you can learn and be stimulated by them and possibly make friends with them. You can also experience the first stage of social work. When you are in third year, you usually go job hunting. If you work at a part-time job, you can talk with regular workers and see the real work place and also notice the difficulty of working there. For that reason, experiencing a part-time job can help you job hunt. That is why I strongly believe that it is really important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I want to explain the two reasons why I think that college students should have a part time job. The first reason is that college students should really know the value and difficulties of getting money. People need money to live. A lot of money is needed for one person to be self-sufficient. Basically, college students depend on their parents, especially for money. But most students don't know how hard their parents work to earn enough money for their children. I think they should know how hard work is needed to get just a little money through a part-time job, as their parents have learned. The second reason is that college students can learn about social interaction through part-time jobs. Common sense as an employee is really essential for business, for instance, how to communicate with other people in business and how to talk. A part time job could be only one place that students can learn about society as working adults. Student can communicate with colleagues in their part time job to learn these skills. For these two reasons, I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree with this statement. I think having a part-time job is important for college students. I have 2 reasons. Firstly, thanks to part-time jobs, students can earn money by themselves. For ordinary families, college fees are very expensive. And if students are living alone, much money is needed. So by having part-time jobs, they can help their families. Moreover, even for students from rich families, earning money is important because by using that money they can do many things. For example, they can travel or study abroad. So, in this way, having a part-time job is beneficial for college students. Secondly, thanks to part-time jobs, students will have social experiences that they never learn in school. For example, in food stores or restaurants, they are taught manners and how to speak to customers politely. Such skills will be useful after they become working adults. Moreover, they can learn how hard working is. It is said that these days young people soon quit their jobs, but if they know about the reality of working before they graduate from college, they can persist even if their work is hard. Therefore, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I think it important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons why I think this. First, they need money. It costs a lot of money to enter a university. Of course, it is not the students but their parents that paid the money. I believe that students should pay back the money more or less to their parents, and some students want to go to graduate school. In addition, generally, college students spend a lot of money. For example, they spend money on buying nice clothes or shoes, hanging out with their friends and participating in club activities. For another reason, through working, they can learn how the society is. A part-time job teaches them how to make good relationships with other team members and their boss. They attain various kinds of skills and learn how strict and severe rules are. They will also learn how difficult it is to make money. You may say that if you work too hard in your part-time job, it causes bad effects on your study in university. This is true, but, actually, students have the ability to control their own shifts to some extent. If they want to earn a lot of money in a short time, they should work as a cram school teacher. Besides, I have a lot of friends who work really hard and get great school records. That is why having a part-time job is necessary for college students.﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have some reasons to agree with this idea. First, a part-time job is good training for real work for college students. College students have to work after they graduate from their college. Then, experience from their part-time jobs will help them. For example, if they work in an office, they can learn computer skills. Second, part-time jobs also give students social experiences. Students learn how they should act in society. For example, if the students work as waiters or waitresses, they can learn polite expressions and good manners. This will help them when they are given a job interview. And, of course, in the company, politeness and manners are also very important. Third, most student work in part-time jobs so they can earn money. They can use that money as they want. For some students, that is the first money they earn all by themselves. They can learn the value of the money they use, too. They can also learn how hard it is to earn money and live in the future. For these reasons, I think that having a part-time job is important for college students.