I agree with the preceding statement. First, smoking is bad for one’s health. Those who like smoking will disagree, but smoking causes harm to all people, including non-smokers. People from the elderly to children all go to restaurants. At restaurants, people enjoy eating and talking. If people smoke in the restaurant, other people may think the food isn't delicious. They might have a sore throat and be unable to enjoy talking. I think that a restaurant must be a place that is comfortable for all people. In addition, completely banning smoking helps to stop smoking and improve people’s health. If the number of places that forbid smoking increases, smokers should put up with smoking a long time. Today, many restaurants in Japan separate the seats that allow smoking from the seats that forbid smoking. However, if we sit in the seats that forbid smoking, I feel uncomfortable because of smoke in the air. This is because the restaurant isn't perfect isolated. If someone says that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, their reason will be that smokers would feel uncomfortable. One thing that I suggest is setting up smoking rooms in restaurants. It is completely private room, several seat in the room. I think we set up the smoking room in the restaurant, smokers can be satisfied, too.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and I have three reasons to support my answer. First, I don't think we need to smoke in restaurants, because we go there to enjoy good dishes, not to smoke. Our purpose is not smoking. Second, I'd like to say that we can't enjoy the taste of dishes when we smoke, because the flavor of smoke is really stronger than dishes. I think we can't have a good lunch or dinner even if we go to a restaurant to enjoy dishes. Third, smoking is not good for health of the non-smokers who come to a restaurant. Non-smokers must breathe smoke when someone smokes in a restaurant, even if they don’t want to. Non-smokers must lose their chance to have a good lunch or dinner because of smoking. And smoke is not good for our health and taste of dishes, especially for growing children. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Because we don't go to a restaurant to smoke, we can't enjoy dishes when smoke is present and smoke is not good for the health of non-smokers, especially children.﻿I agree with the statement. To be sure, we can smoke anytime and anywhere, but smoking should be banned at public places such as restaurants. As you know, smoking is not good for our health. Generally speaking, people who smoke in daily life become sick often. For example, smokers are apt to get cancer. In fact, there is a lot of data that a number of smokers are impacted by cancer. In addition to this, the health of surrounding people is also influenced by cigarette smoke. Smoke causes illness in other people who are exposed to it. Moreover, smoke smells very bad and makes people who are near a smoker feel bad. In a restaurant, guests would like to have a good time by eating delicious dishes in comfort. However, they can't do that near smokers because smoke makes them uncomfortable. There are a lot of restaurants that set aside a space in which people can smoke. It is a very good idea and very nice for non-smokers, but I don't fully agree with the idea because people who sit beside the border between smoking and non-smoking areas are annoyed. For these reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are four reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, many people go to the restaurant at lunch time and dinner time. Restaurants are the place where many kinds of people are. Smoke does their health harm. Many families with children go to the restaurant at dinner. Children are more strongly affected by tobacco smoke than adults, and research has revealed that people exposed to secondhand smoke are more harmed than smokers themselves. Secondly, if some people smoke while the other people are having meals, people who are not smokers can't taste their meals very much because of the smoke. Thirdly, students, such as junior high school students and senior high school students, often go to restaurants. If they see people smoke at the time, they could be affected by this become interested in smoking. In spite of being under 20, they could begin to smoke. Lastly, in these days, there are restaurants that people can enter with their pets, for example, dog cafés. Not only to humans but also to dogs, smoking may do harm. This is why I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree with the statement. There are three reasons why I agree. First, people who smoke everyday often suffer from poor health. For example, they might feel tired all the time and even develop cancer. If this happens to you, you can't live with happiness. It is a very serious problem. To live healthy is the most important thing. Second, people around smokers feel bad, and they also suffer bad effects. The smell of cigarette smoke is bad for non-smokers. They can't fully enjoy eating dinner. In addition, second-hand smoke is more dangerous for non-smokers than first-hand smoke is for smokers. It is a more serious problem than the first or second problems. Finally, some smokers’ manners are bad. For example, after smoking, some people throw their butts on the ground. It is also a serious problem for other people. Some people might say that people in developing countries get money from making cigarettes. This is true. If we ban smoking, their jobs will not be needed. However, a job making someone’s health bad is the worst job. Smoking is dangerous, and is completely bad. It is better to buy things other than cigarettes. It is good for you, and other people. This is why I agree with the statement.﻿I agree with the statement: smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And I don't agree with the statement that smoking is a personal habit. For example, smoking is the worst. Smoking damages not only a smoker’s body but also the bodies of people around the smoker. This effect is called “secondhand smoke”. Secondhand smoke is the smoke that moves from a smoker to other persons around the smoker. Allowing secondhand smoke to affect others is bad manners, especially in crowded common areas such as parks, stations, airports and streets, because this smoke causes health problems such as asthma and lung cancer in others. Lung cancer is the worst sickness. This sickness's mortality rate is high and a lot of Japanese people have been killed by it. Smoking has a strong relationship to lung cancer, and many scientists think that smoking causes lung cancer. So I think smoking should be completely banned in places where many people are.

﻿I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't like smoking but I think smokers want to smoke when they go to the restaurant to eat or drink something. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers will have little place to smoke. Then, smokers can't smoke anywhere. I think it’s better to have some place in restaurants in which smokers can smoke. However, I dislike cigarette smoke and there are small children and babies in restaurants, so I want to completely separate the seats of smokers from the seats of nonsmokers. Recently, companies or department stores, for example, have smoking rooms. Smokers can smoke only in the room. I think this is a very good trend. Smokers can smoke in the room and nonsmokers are protected from smoke. Smoking is very bad not only for smokers’ health but also for nonsmokers’ health. Nowadays, there is also a cigarette tax. The number of places where smokers can smoke is getting smaller and smaller. Therefore, I hope that the number of smokers will gradually decrease. Now, a price of cigarettes is a little higher than before. Some smokers will begin to give up smoking to save money.﻿I disagree with this opinion. Smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. First, a restaurant is a place in which people not only eat food but also relax. In my experience, I have relaxed at restaurant by talking with my friends and sleeping. Some people relax by smoking. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, they cannot relax at restaurants. Business at restaurants will decrease. Second, smoking does not always cause trouble. Actually, some people don't like others smoking. But establishing separate smoking areas will solve the problem. It enables those who want to smoke to smoke and those who don’t want to smoke to avoid others smoking. Third, I think there is no merit to banning smoking at all restaurants in Japan. All problems about smoking, except about health, are sufficiently addressed by establishing separate smoking areas, and what need is there to do more? Nothing is needed. But more needs to be done in establishing separate smoking areas. We have to be more careful to divide smoking areas, not to ban smoking. What can be done at restaurant is limited. I agree that smoking should be banned in other public areas in Japan, but not in restaurants. Smoking is not only the problem in restaurants.﻿I don't like smoking, so I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First, it is true that smoking causes serious damage not only to smokers but also to people near smokers. People who smoke get lung cancer more frequently than people who don't smoke. Second, I think the most serious problem is that smoking at a restaurant makes people who don't smoke feel very uncomfortable. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are the times that all people enjoy eating and relaxing, and a restaurant is the place where people enjoy eating and relaxing. At the same time, however, a restaurant is not a private place but a public place. Perhaps some people relax when they smoke, but I think that smoking in a restaurant is bad manners. For the enjoyment of all the people, everyone should stop smoking. Therefore, all the restaurants should make a rule that bans smoking. If people want to smoke, they should go outside and enjoy smoking. These days smoking is banned in more places day by day. I think it is good, encouraging all of the people to make a comfortable environment and promoting good health.﻿I agree with this statement without thinking. I dislike smoking for the reasons that it smells bad and is dirty. Smoking is very bad for the smoker's health and is troublesome to other people. Restaurants are mainly places for eating, so smoking around people who are eating is very bad for the atmosphere, as well as the smell and taste of the food. It is important for the dish to taste good, have a good smell, and for the atmosphere to be good. Tobacco has a bad smell which is harmful for humans and a smoke which is a white and grey gas. There are many children in restaurants. Tobacco smoke is very bad for children. Moreover, tobacco smoke soaks through children’s clothes. If someone smokes in a restaurant, we cannot wear new clothes. We must be aware of this. Smokers should stop smoking in restaurants as early as they can, and they will be healthy in the future. If they die early because of smoking, their family will be very sad. They will regret that he didn’t stop smoking. Therefore, people who smoke tobacco should stop smoking in the restaurant, and I think that smoking in a restaurant should be a crime.