These days, university fees are expensive. So, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, students have grown up depending on the assistance of their parents. You should make your own pocket money and cover your own university fees by having a part-time job. Naturally, it is difficult to concentrate on your university major and it is tiring to sleep less because of your job. Your immune system may become weak, so you may become sick, but not everybody's parents are rich. So, students should have a part-time job. Second, a part-time job is a kind of social life. Therefore, students experience social life and after they graduate from university, it is important to experience social life. Naturally, university life is a kind of social life, but it is different to having a part-time job. Last, by having a part-time job, you can realize the value of money. If one student does not have a part-time job and another student does have a part-time job, their attitude toward money will be different. The student without a part-time job does not realize value of money. The student with a part-time job buy will think about spending their money before buying something. I think I agree that it is important for college students having a part-time job.﻿These days, a lot of students have part-time jobs. On the Internet and newspapers, many companies are looking for students to work for them. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school. I also don't think it is necessary, because their parents support them and pay for their expenses. In addition, having jobs has some negative effects. First of all, education is difficult and complex. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part-time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. It will have negative effects on studying: they won't concentrate, and they will even be sleepy in class. In the end, it will impact on their grades. Finally, if a student works part-time, he may miss out on a fun time of his life. He won't be able to play with his friends and enjoy his own spare time. In other words, if a student spends time on working, he can't enjoy his life. I think that a person's time as a student is the freest time, except for the demands of studying. This is because their parents pay for their expenses, and parents help with everything that they want. Therefore, students have to concentrate on studying. In conclusion, students' duty is studying. They have to study rather than work because having part-time jobs has some negative effects as above. One's college days are a favorable time to study.﻿Many college students have a part-time job today. It is very common and many students have part-time jobs. As a student, I also agree that college students should have a part-time job. I will talk about my opinion why I agree that. First, college students will get experiences about social jobs. They can experience hard and good things. It is very important because social experience is very useful to all people. When they are adults, they will have to work and earn money. During their work, they will meet many people and will be faced with hard times, so meeting many people and building experiences are important. Second, they can get their own money. They can buy anything that they want to buy without their parent's help. Further, they can help their parents as they pay their tuition. If they earn money during vacation, they can get much money. Lastly, they can feel a sense of accomplishment as they do their work, so they will work well in the future. In conclusion, as they have a part-time job, they can get social experience and help their parents. They are also able to fulfill themselves through their part-time job. So, it is important for college students to get a part-time job.﻿Most teenagers want to make money without supporting their parents. In my case I could gain lots of advantages when I worked in a part-time job. First of all, I could make different kinds of relationships. As you know, if we enter new circumstances, we can meet many people. Every people makes you learn valuable things, whether you like each person or not. Second, I could gain good skills from a part-time job. If you work in a restaurant kitchen, you could learn to cook well. Also, if you work in an apparel store in a department store, you could give people good service and could match clothes well depending on each situation or purpose. Finally, you can learn how valuable money is and how to deal with money well. If you take money from your parents, you just waste money easily. However, if you earn money for yourself to buy something, you couldn't use your money easily and would think very carefully when you decide to spend it. Through my experiences, if you have an opportunity to work in a part time job, you can gain economical and social advantages in your life.﻿Some people think that teenagers having part-time jobs is bad, because they think part-time work is a cause of their low grades. They even think that the teenagers who have part-time jobs are delinquent students. I think they are prejudiced. Teenagers with part-time jobs can learn about economic strength. Besides, part-time jobs have some other benefits for teenagers. So, in my opinion, having a job when they are still students is a good way for teenagers to learn about society. Here are some reasons that why I agree with the teenagers having their jobs. First, teenagers can know the value of money as they earn money themselves. Most of the teenagers and children get pocket money from their parents, but they don't do anything in order to earn money. They don't know how much their parents worked or where the money comes from. If they have part-time jobs, they can know about these things. So, part-time jobs can help the teenagers to take care of their money. Second, they can learn about many people and personal economics. For example, teens working in some place like 'Starbucks' can see a lot of different kinds of people. Some people are younger than them, but many other people are older than them. They can learn modes of speech, ideas, and attitudes. By doing this, the right values can be established in them. There are many good places where teenagers can work: convenience stores, fast food restaurants, parking garages, etc. Teenagers can learn worthwhile things through their part-time jobs in a way they cannot through textbooks or by doing assignments. Therefore, I agree with teenagers having part-time jobs.﻿I have two opinions of this topic, and this opinion is divided into two viewpoints, that is, an economic point of view and social point of view. First, college tuition is more expensive nowadays than it was in the past. The cost is a burden to many ordinary people -both students and their parents. For this reason, students should work to make money for their college tuition. If students make money for tuition, it will reduce the financial burden for college tuition. Alternatively, students need to make their own pocket money, because college students are adults. Now, they need to embrace their time of economic independence and no longer get money from their parents. Second, to have a part-time job is to gain indirect experience of social life before we join adult society. For this experience, we learned that earning money is very hard, as I have experienced before. We will also experience human relationships of social life. In this society, lots of diverse people are represented in our society. Through this we can learn how to handle these people. Through meeting diverse people, we can learn development of relationships in broader society. To conclude, to have a part-time job gives students many experiences before they join adult society.﻿As important as anything to study at university, I think it's important to have a part-time job during one's college life. So far we do not have much experience, especially of social life. However, through part-time job experiences, we can learn the routines of social life. Through various part-time jobs we may gain a lot of experiences. First is the first career. The second is to find a solution to your problems. Here we will be able to raise our own independence. The third is vocational aptitude, which bridges what you want to be and what you are not fit for yet. Therefore, through part-time job you can learn what you want to be, and you can choose to become that. Part-time rather than irregular work, but more working in a field related to a desired future profession is recommended. The reason being, a part-time job is not just a means of making money; it is a step toward one's future. Recognizing the importance of college credits and a part-time job, and working hard for your college life will be better to live without regrets.﻿Many university students have part-time jobs. There are many different opinions about part-time jobs. Some parents think having part-time jobs can affect the students' study, therefore their children are not allowed to have part-time jobs. Others think that having a part time job is a good social experience. Many students think that they can learn useful skills through various part-time jobs. If you work in a supermarket, you can learn how to promote products. If you are computer savvy, you can make homepages for additional cash. Also, you will learn how difficult it is to earn money, then you will be more willing to study and save money. I believe it is necessary for students to have a part-time job for their future. Most of all, encouraging students to participate in a part-time job may be beneficial for their future success. To be more specific, students will gain experience of what is like to live throughout adult society, which means that they will be prepared for their future as they grow up. Moreover, encouragement for students to participate in a part-time job will be positive for their future. In particular, participating in a part-time job will not only give experiences but they also will gain money, which they can spend on things such as clothing. In addition, they will feel a great sense of accomplishment that they bought things with their own money. So I agree with the statement.﻿A part-time job is an optional thing for college students, but almost all college student must have one. The first reason why they may have a part-time job is that they need lots of money for college tuition and college life. Tuition is very high in my country, so some students take time off from school to earn their tuition. Other students have part-time jobs and go to school at the same time in order to supplement tuition. Also, college students need more money to get together with their friends and enjoy cultural life. They usually earn extra money by doing a part-time job. The second reason is they live by themselves. Some students, especially men, are expected to earn money to live without economical help from their parents. They must achieve financial independence, so they have to have part-time job to live. Therefore, having a part-time job is obligatory for some students in this situation. The third reason is students experience all kinds of things through a part-time job. There are thousands of part-time jobs, ranging from physical work to delicate work. College students can experience various jobs by choosing what kind of work to do. It can help them consider what they want to do in the future.﻿College students need lots of money because they have to pay tuition fees. Also, they need to pay for transportation and they have to buy lunch. All these expenses are a very big deal to students. Registration for school is very expensive. Many students receive money from their parents, but it is limited. Therefore, having a part-time job is required of students. Students can help alleviate their parents' worry by doing a part-time job. Even if students are busy with school work, they can feel satisfied. In my case, my parents give me money once a month. I have no part-time job. I have to spend money reasonably price all of the time. Sometimes, I want to buy brand-new clothes or an expensive bag, but my wallet has a limit so I can't buy things that are written on my wish list. If I had a part-time job, I could buy clothes or a bag. However, having a part-time job makes me tired and very busy so I don't want to have a part-time job. Gathering money is easier for me than earning money. On the other hand, summer vacation and winter vacation are exceptions. In my free time, like on vacation, I will find a part-time job because I'm free!