I'm all for part-time jobs. These days, most students have a part-time job because they can't live on pocket money from their parents and they don't have enough money to go to university. Entry money is so expensive, too, so we cannot help but work a part-time job. I have a part-time job, too. If the entry pay will be low, we don't have to get a part-time job, but now the entry money is expensive. As such, poor students should have a part-time job. Having a part-time job will help to raise independence. While working, I can earn some money for myself. In addition, it will be good to have the experience of working at a store if one wants to open such a store themselves. However, there is demerit of having jobs that is accumulation of stress. Because we cannot earn much money in a short time. Finally, if you have a dream of what you want to do, you can choose the right part-time job so you can gain some experience before your dream comes true. So I agree to have a part-time job while in university. Accordingly, I made my position to agree with this idea.﻿I completely agree with this statement. I have four reasons why I agree with this statement. First, holding a variety of part-time jobs serves to build our experience. For example, if I were to work in a convenience store, I could learn to have a good smile and a good greeting style, or If I were to work in a factory, I could learn patience and understand how appliances are made by the factory. We can receive many diverse experiences by doing part-time jobs. Second, if I hold a variety work part-time jobs, I can find a fitting future job or major. For example, I work at an institute for my money, but fortunately I can find my job by working in an institute that teaches for students. Then I can decide my dream. Also, I can endeavor for my dream and I don't need to wander anymore. Third, I can know the value and concept of money. If I were hardly earning any money, the money I had would be priceless. Therefore, I can't waste the money. I try to save the money and know my parent's difficulty in earning money. Finally, Steve Jobs said "Connect the dots", so I take on a variety of part-time jobs that surely someday will help me. In conclusion, I assert that part-time jobs are necessary for college students.﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have three reasons why it is important. First of all, they should work in order to maintain their livelihood. There are many students who under financial difficulty. We can't live if we do not eat. If there is no energy, no life can live. The second reason is conversation skills. It is very important because we need social skill to succeed in society. We should talk to other people to get what we need. It will allow us to learn from real life rather than from a teacher. I believe that part-time jobs help to improve this skill. The last reason is to reinforce our university major. I hope that if you want to have a part-time job, you will consider what your major is and what kind of part time job will help you. For example, my major is English literature. To study English and to improve my ability, I will find a part-time job which is related to English. For these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree. I have many friends who have part-time jobs. They often work around their university. In particular, they go to work after finishing their lessons. I do not have any experience of working a part-time job. Nevertheless, I believe that college students need to work, especially during school vacations for the following reasons. First, a part-time job offers students a lesson on the importance of money. They will get money through hard work. Therefore, they will spend less money and save more money. College students usually spend money drinking and enjoying time with friends, so they spend money easily. This lesson can save money from their wastefulness. Second, students receive a lot of money from their parents. Registration fees are very expensive, but many students' fees are paid by their parents. If students get money to cover their own expenses, parents will be appreciative. Accordingly, students need to make the money to use on their own. Finally, students get priceless experiences through a part-time job. After graduating from college, they will work at a company and experience many things at their company. If they have a part-time job, they obtain a new opportunity before their true job. They can learn about their key abilities and personality in advance. It is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students have a part-time job, even though I have never worked at a part-time job. Nowadays, most college students have to spend a huge amount on registration fees to study at university. The price of registration fees is approaching almost 400-500. However, they don't have any ability to pay these fees, so their parents have to shoulder the entire cost instead of them. If students work at part-time jobs, they would lighten their parents' burden. I think it is also one of the ways to help one's parents. The other reason why I agree with it is that it can help to gain a lot of experience for students' careers. For employment, many companies demand lots of careers of students. It would be good experience to have part-time jobs. Also, students who work part-time jobs can learn how to treat people and to interact socially. In addition, they can develop personality traits like diligence, manners, common sense, and partnership. That's why it is important for college students have a part-time job. Some people worry about that it disturbs students' study, but students with part-time jobs have to manage their time and energy themselves.﻿These days, many college students tend to stay at home without having part-time jobs because of self-improvement. Of course, this behavior gives them a lot of time that they can spend on self-improvement. However, I agree that college students should have part-time jobs. There are some reasons why I agree with this idea. First, college students can keep the spirit of independence. For example, they endure hard work for a month to earn money. These processes encourage them and foster their independence. In addition, the survey of the student council shows that students who experience part-time jobs have independence about four times higher than students who didn't experience part-time jobs. Second, college students are able to pay their school expenses. According to a civic organization's survey, seventy percent of college students pay their registration fees in installments with the money they earn for themselves during vacations. Third, to have a part-time job can make college students very organized and offer useful skills. It is reported that employees who experience part-time jobs quickly adjust to new environments compared with employees who didn't experience part-time jobs. In addition, college students who have part-time jobs can obtain skills that help them find a job. For these reasons, I strongly agree that college students should have part-time jobs: their spirit of independence, school expenses, and adaptability.﻿I totally agree with the idea of Topic A (It is important for college students to have a part-time job.) Let's see some reasons. First of all, it is a good and suitable way to earn money for college students who need to pay their tuition themselves. For example, one of my college friends has a part-time job for her tuition. After finishing school, she goes to her part time job right away. Second, we can gain lots of experience about many jobs before we have our own jobs. For example, when we are college students, some students don't know what kind of jobs they want to have after graduating college, so having a part-time job is a good setting for some students to think about what they want to be after graduating college. Third, having a part time-job is important for college students to have socialization. Of course, they can have socialization when they are in a college, but this is not enough for them. As far as I know, it's very important to meet many kinds of people, so students can meet many kinds of people when they have part-time jobs. That's why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have many bases for my opinion. Most college students don't go to school near their homes; they live near the college. This requires lots of money. Naturally, this life imposes a heavy burden on their parents. We have a lot of time while we are at college. When we leave home, if you have a part-time job, you lessen the burden on your parents, and a part time job offers many experiences. You can work in many kinds of occupation through part-time jobs. You will meet many different people in various workplaces. I think that's the most important thing. A part-time job makes it possible to understand economic activities as you manage spending and income yourself. At first it is hard, but as time goes by you will feel that it's easy. It's practice for your future social life. I think a part time job has many advantages. You don't spend free time on other things when you have a part time job. I recommend working; do not study everyday all the time. It's a greater help than library life to you. It gives many things to you. It's hard to work, but it doesn't disappoint you; I'm confident in it.﻿Recently, there has been a hot debate arising whether taking a part-time job will benefit university students or not. Some people who advocate for having a casual job believe that it helps the students not only financially but also mentally. Other people argue that it is too hard for them to allocate the time to balance between study and work. In this essay, it will discuss both of advantages and disadvantages of having a part-time job. Firstly, there are various advantages to working part-time for university students, who will go into the outside world soon after graduation. The experience of working during their studies will make them better equipped with not only academics from school but also practice from their working experience. It will also give them freedom from financial dependency on their parents. Even though the amount of money they earn is not a lot, it will take some burden off of their parents' shoulders. Secondly, the most important output would be learning social skills by confronting or dealing with people outside of school. Through this kind of experience, university students will learn some skills that they cannot learn from textbooks. Interacting with people outside school will provide them with greater confidence and opportunities to see the real world. People standing against the argument, however, claim that most students will fail to allocate their time properly when balancing between study and work. Moreover, interacting with their peers is very crucial while they are still developing their character. For example, having money on their mind and thinking about everything in terms of monetary value will overshadow some valuable things in life, such as teaching poor children for free or doing volunteer work for underdeveloped countries. In conclusion, in my opinion, the advantages of working part-time outweigh the disadvantages greatly. However, we still cannot ignore the negative effects, so we should try to minimize the disadvantages to the greatest extent without sacrificing the advantages.﻿I think that having a part-time job is very important during university life. First, work is a very precious experience. Part-time jobs in university life are almost always service jobs. So, through working in service, we can meet people of various fields and can talk with strangers. The first time I had a part-time job, I couldn't talk with other people because I had no confidence and was shy. Now I can talk perfectly to strangers. I think these experiences are a benefit of part time work. Next, students can learn the importance of money. Since I was a high school student, I have always lived with pocket money given to me by my parents and I didn't know it was hard to make money. After becoming 20, I have worked hard to earn about 5000-6000won per hour and now I think carefully when I spend money, even just drinking a cup of coffee or eating a spoonful of ice cream. During the five months that I have worked to earn money, I have had various part-time jobs, but I want to have more jobs and meet more people in various fields because I think it is a very valuable experience that I can get during part-time jobs and these experiences are so powerful. Therefore, I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job.