In many countries, smoking is banned in supermarkets, restaurants, hospitals, airplanes, and most forms of public transportation. I'm against all of this. In university, there are so many more smokers than non-smokers. In other words, I disagree with idea of prohibiting smoking in public. So, in my opinion, we don't have to quit smoking. Cigarettes are the smoker's favorite food, just like how someone enjoys the favorite tea or coffee. Just show consideration for non-smokers. For example, smokers should smoke in limited areas. This is common sense. We don't have to quit smoking. But you can get a bad effect to it. First of all, it is dangerous to one's health, and can lead to cancer or other diseases. Second, it can be addictive. And third, it causes the body to smell bad, so many people will keep far away from a smoker. And fourth, there will be much money spent, and it is terribly big amount if it was accumulated. Thus, it is unfair to prohibit smoking in public. If smoking in public is prohibited, the smokers' rights to smoke are ignored. Making a smoking area in public is the best way to respect both smokers and non-smokers. Then, you'd better release to smoke than to quit. Thus, I don't agree with banning smoking.﻿I completely agree with this statement. A variety of groups visit restaurants - kids, juveniles, adults who have quit smoking, old people who don't like the smell of smoke, etc. If kids and juveniles were exposed to smoke or see smoking, smoking is very harmful for them. Some curious kids and juveniles think "I want to smoke", and if adults who have quit smoking were to smell the smoke, they may be tempted to smoke again and damage their health. Buying tobacco is expensive, so if smokers were to quit smoking, they would save money and they could spend that money more meaningfully. For example, they could make a donation for Africans who don't have money, food, water, or medicine, and save their life from disease. Or they could spend money on their family household goods. Also tobacco is very addictive - the so-called "legal drug". Above all, smoking is very harmful and secondhand smoking is very hazardous for health. I insist that we ban smoking in restaurants. If a smoking ban was not enacted by law, the nation should implement smoking areas. And if they were disobeying the law, the government should punish lawbreakers ruthlessly with considerable penalties including long periods of jail and community service.﻿I agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First of all, smokers are more likely to develop cancer. To human cancer, we are experiencing now 30-40 percent of all cancers being caused by tobacco. At least 20 kinds of cigarettes inside the Level A may contain carcinogens. The accumulation of carcinogens in tobacco smoke continuously for long periods, depending on the type of cancer, greatly increases the probability of occurrence of cancer. Currently we are experiencing, among all mankind, 30-40% of cancer being caused by cigarettes. Therefore, if the world did not smoke, 30-40% of all cancers would not have occurred. The second reason is another disease: smoking leads to respiratory diseases. If cigarette smoking continues, respiratory function continues to weaken. As a smoker continues to smoke cigarettes, bronchial wall thickening creates a narrowing of bronchus and weakens respiratory function. For these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree. First, smoking can threaten the health. As a report states, a cigarette contains more than thousands of  different toxic or poisonous chemicals such as nicotine and carbon dioxide. These chemical ingredients threaten the health, especially that of the lungs. Smoking causes not only smokers but also non-smokers to die. According to a survey, more than 50,000 Americans die from second hand smoke (SHS) every year. Of those, thousands of American non-smokers die from lung cancer. Like this, not only smokers but also SHS could cause lung cancer. Therefore, smoking in public should be prohibited. Second, smoking can make public spaces, especially the university campus, unpleasant environments. A poisonous gas and the harmful content of e cigarettes can pollute the air of public spaces. The campus space must be a safe and pleasant environment for faculty, staff and students. Smoking on campus in public space plays a role in creating an unpleasant environment. According to a survey at Utah State University, about 80% of students would support a policy making the campus completely smoke-free. Smoke in the air pollutes the clean air of campus which is made by trees, and the students find this unpleasant. Smoking in public spaces, especially on campus, should be prohibited.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Ultimately, restaurants are places to offer food. They need to supply fresh food and clean rooms to customers. Of course, people who visit a restaurant want to have dishes in pleasant surroundings. Imagine, when you are eating a delicious meal at a restaurant, smokers are smoking at the next table. Smoke is getting to spread in the air. You should be upset and lose your appetite. It is absolutely bad behavior to smoke in most of places where many people visit. A person who smokes in these areas lacks consideration for others and has no manners. They must know their fault and correct their error. A mature sense of citizenship helps to grow a country. However, it is better to prepare smoking sections for smokers in a lot of restaurant because smokers have a right to have their liberty and personality respected. If smoking is prohibited in restaurants by the law, lots of smokers cannot obediently accept that. Anyway, I am sure that it is a serious social problem. We have to find out the best policy to satisfy both non-smokers and smokers.﻿A lot of people smoke cigarettes everywhere to reduce stress. Of course, it seems to relieve their mind to smoke cigarettes. However, I disagree that smokers may smoke in public places as well as the entire restaurant. I think that smoking should be completely banned at public place in this country. There are some reasons supporting my idea. First, passive smokers are more likely to get cancer compared with non-smokers and smokers. According to a WHO report, passive smokers are always exposed to fatal disease like cancer and they are at risk of getting cancer three times to four times compared with non-smokers and smokers. Second, to smoke cigarettes costs a lot of social expense. The survey of the Ministry of Health and Welfare shows that smoking areas are the most expensive to clean because of time and employees. Third, smoking can cause dangerous accidents like fires. According to the National Emergency Management Agency, fires in restaurants have been caused by carelessly thrown away cigarette butts. As a result, many people are injured by this situation. For these reasons, I absolutely assert that smoking should be banned all places except smoking areas in the country.﻿I totally agree with the idea of Topic B (Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.) Let's see some reasons. First of all, there are lots of people who don't like the smell of smoking. For example, a month ago, I went to a restaurant near a mountain. On one hand, I liked the place because of the air around it; on the other hand, I saw a person who was smoking in the restaurant, and that makes me feel uncomfortable. I really hate the smell of smoking and when I smell it, I get a headache, so it was terrible dinner due to that person. Secondly, secondhand smoking is fatal for people's health. As you know, secondhand smoking is much worse than smoking. Therefore, smoking in public place affects other people who are in public place as well as the smoker Thirdly, there is a possibility of a fire. In this case, many people who are in the public place are going to die. Fourthly, smoking in public places makes young people or children have curiosity about it or makes them want to smoke. That's why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think most people agree, too. Restaurants are public places, not private places. I don't think smoking is bad; smoking in restaurants is bad. Non-smokers are harmed by smokers because of secondhand smoking. I have seen that secondhand smoking is more harmful than smoking in the news. Smoking in restaurants exposes other people to disease. The target could be your own family. Imagine one case; today is a family dinner. Your son sits next to you. You start smoking, and your son breathes your smoke. Your son is non-smoker. What does your son think about you? Maybe he feels shame, because he has a conscience. He thinks your smoking in restaurants is wrong. Don't you agree? Everyone knows smoking in restaurants is not good - child, adult, teenager, or elderly. You must mostly think about people's health. Don't smoke in restaurants only for your pleasure. If you want to smoke during a meal, then go outside and smoke; that is manners. Nowadays almost all restaurants have a smoking room. Your few steps will be other persons' happiness. For most persons' happiness, smoking in restaurants should be banned and smokers must observe this law. That's a win-win strategy for both sides.﻿veryone wants to have a good healthy life without any diseases. One way to keep from having a miserable life is to know what is good and bad for your body, and do not do what is harmful for you. Many people smoke knowing that it can damage their body pretty easily. However, those same people want to have a life with no pain. Those people do not deserve a right to think about an existence without agony. I think it is really absurd. God gave us a mind to think for ourselves, and do what is right for us. Expecting to have a great life while smoking your lungs out is really ridiculous and silly. The main substance that is used in a cigarette is tobacco. First it is burned, then it is inhaled into a person's body. When it settles down and finds a place for itself in the lungs, it forms black holes, which lead to lung cancer. Therefore, I really recommend people stop smoking. You might ask, “why do people sell cigarettes?” Simple: Money. That is the answer; instead of thinking about other people's health, they need the money. However, from the very beginning of your life, safety and health was the most important thing, and it still is. Let's say some people don't really care about their own health, so they think it's okay to smoke, but smoking also harms the people around you. When you inhale smoke, you don't keep it in your lungs; You exhale it back out. Therefore, that smoke can affect other people's lungs too. Smoking is the most popular drug. It is also considered to be addictive. We all don't want to lose our lives like this. Life is the best gift you can get, so let's stop doing what is harmful for our bodies and start caring for them more.﻿I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking is not good for our health. Smoke is made up of various toxic chemical ingredients and is a cause of disease, as well as not being good for health. Also, smoking is especially not good for the lungs. So, it becomes hard to breathe during activities like exercise or singing. Next, non-smoking people in restaurants would become targets of second-hand smoke if we allow smoking in restaurants. I heard that second-hand smoke is more harmful than smoking first-hand. Maybe, there are weak persons such as children, pregnant women, or the elderly in the restaurant. These weaker people never want to breathe second-hand smoke because it is very harmful for them. These days, almost all cafeterias are divided into two places, one for smoking and one for non-smokers. I think dividing space into two places is one good solution but it is hard to have a perfect effect. Therefore, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, or if there are smoking rooms outside the restaurants.