There are many smokers in the world so non-smokers are damaged by them. They even smoke in public buildings. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for three reasons. First, we can help poor children. Many countries have increased cigarette taxes and also increased prices so there are many people who cannot buy them. We can help by stopping buying cigarettes. In Korea, the cigarette price is 2,700 won. With this money, we can give water, rice, bread and new life to poor children. That is, spending money on more valuable things can help someone. Second, secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Smokers already know that, however they do not care about others' health, even in their own family. For example, about 600,000 people are killed by secondhand smoking every year. Especially, fetuses are more damaged and harmed directly by smokers. As a result, secondhand smoking can kill people. Lastly, there are many smoking areas in the country. Because the government could not completely ban smokers from smoking, they made many smoking areas. Therefore, smokers keep this policy because it is at the least some concession to non-smokers. In summary, we can help poor children by stopping smoking, smokers can damage non-smokers' health, and there are many smoking areas available, so I think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.﻿These days smokers have no consideration for others in restaurants. Smokers don't care about other people in restaurants. It appears that smoking is harmful to other people. Therefore, I really agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because not only is smoking very harmful to smokers' health, but it is more harmful to non-smokers who breathe secondhand smoke. Smoking can lead to various cancers and other diseases. Because of the number of people of all ages in a restaurant, a smoker causes much damage to children, older people, and pregnant women, as well as other people. Passive smoking is more harmful to our health than smoking. Therefore, passive smoking increases the risk of various cancers and other diseases. This makes non-smokers exposed to tobacco smoke very angry. Besides, the smell of smoking is terrible, so the taste of food is lost. Restaurants should make smoking rooms. People who smoke cigarettes mustn't smoke in a restaurant. If they want to smoke, they fill the restaurant with smoke and put many people's health at risk. Also, restaurants need restrictions on smokers. Smokers need more consideration for others in restaurants and they must realize that their smoking is harmful to other people's health.﻿Nowadays, many people smoke cigarettes. But most of the smokers are high school students. Smoking is really harmful for teenagers and adults. Cigarettes are bad for your health and are not good mentally. Cigarettes are the cause of various illnesses such as cancers and impotence, and cigarettes smokers know this already. And cigarette smokers give a negative sight. But smoking is not only bad for you. Cigarette smokers can derive joy from it and give a benefit to the nation because the price of the cigarettes includes state tax. And cigarettes also become a favorite food for the smokers. You can choose to smoke if you want. I think to say STOP SMOKING is not a good idea. If the smoker does not give damage for another people, I think we need not to say things like that. We can make a lot of smoking area for the smokers and the non-smokers. I smoke cigarettes too, but my father said it will be good for me to quit smoking cigarettes. I am considering quitting cigarettes. I think if I quit, I can save my money and my health. Thank you for reading my essay and I will study hard in English.﻿I think that smoking must be banned at all the restaurants in the country because tobacco is very injurious to people. In restaurants, people eat food so many people do not like smoking. Moreover, the cleanliness of food is very important to people. In addition, passive smoking causes harm to other people. I want to say three reasons that smoking must be banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, when eating food, people do not like smoking in the restaurant because foods have their own taste and smell. In addition, smell of cigarettes is disturbing to other people. Next, cleanliness of food is very important. Food should always be clean and fresh. Therefore, the taste of the food will be delicious. However, if the neighboring table is smoking, we will think that is annoying and eat out in the restaurant. Last, passive smoking causes damage to other people. Passive smoking is very injurious to people, and its effect are worse than direct smoking.  Eventually, the damage caused by smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Also, we must try to do not smoke in restaurants and should try to be considerate of others.﻿I think cigarettes are the worst item in every situation. First, smoking does not look good. A person who is smoking looks like a gangster. Second, cigarettes are not healthy. But if a smoker is smoking I can't scold him only for smoking, because smoking is just his choice. Third, smoking on the road is very important. I have been this situation before. When a smoker is smoking while walking I was behind him. It was disgusting because he blew his cigarette smoke right toward me. In fact, I had never thought about smoking on the road before I went through this situation. But my mind has changed. The smokers who smoke on the road are very rude persons. But now I think just smoking is not right. Surely, if someone is smoking then another person suffers harm. So I can scold them because I am harmed by them. In accordance with these contents, I think all places must have a space for smokers only. Restaurants are not an exception. Besides, a restaurant is a place to eat, but if someone is smoking other people get displeased. So all smokers should be smoking in their place so as not to cause harm to other nonsmokers.﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the world. As someone who hates smoking, smoking should be banned in all public places as well as in the restaurants in the world. Today, a lot of countries have banned smoking in public places, but still a lot of countries haven't banned smoking in public places. I will state reasons why we should ban smoking in restaurants and public places. I have three reasons. First, smoking damages other people. Smoking is a personal freedom, but smoking in restaurants interferes with the freedom of others. Second, smoking is bad for children's education and health. A lot of different people come to restaurants. There are men, women, and children. When a child comes to the restaurant, if the guest sitting next to the child smokes, it is bad for the child's health and education. Finally, other guests receive unpleasant feelings from smoking, especially in restaurants. They eat delicious food, but smell bad smoke. They do not like the smell. Also, they want to get the natural taste of the food. If mixed together with smoke, they can't get the natural taste of the food. For these reasons, I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the world.﻿These days, smoking is banned in most public places and buildings. The problem is that there are smoking areas. They banned smoking, but they have smoking areas, which is ironic. Smoking should be banned in public places. Especially at restaurants. First of all, there are non-smokers. Non-smokers don't want to smell cigarette smoke. They are going to eat lunch or supper, not cigarettes. Even if smokers sit in their area, the smell is there, and I would feel like I was eating disgusted garbage. If you eat dinner with a smoker, it is a disaster. Because of the smoker, you will be in the smoking area. Non-smokers have to smell uncomfortable cigarette smoke. In my case, I really hate breathing another person's smoke. Second, smoking causes toxic diseases. As you know, smoking can cause lung cancer And can damage non-smokers' health more than smokers'. Non-smokers just want to enjoy their dinner, but they also receive a bad gift from smokers. Smoking produces all evil and no good. Some smokers say that if people don't like them to smoke, they can leave, but I think it would be better for them to quit smoking. Cigarettes are a kind of drug. I wish smokers would stop smoking.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. All people can go to the restaurants, and not all people smoke. There are fewer smokers. Therefore, they cannot smoke at any restaurant. For example, one family visits a restaurant. They are a family of four: father, mother, a boy, and a baby girl. There are many smokers, and smokers are near the family. We cannot defend our health, happiness, and freedom. Maybe, the young boy will learn to smoke from the smokers and the baby will breathe air with smoke from smokers. The young boy and baby could be your son or daughter, so it is very dangerous and makes you angry. Next, some countries use fire on tables, such as Korean soup, Japanese soup, and United Kingdom royal dessert. So, today, in restaurants with these foods, we can see fire on the table. If you smoke in this space, your cigarette ember is near gas. We know smoking near fires is very danger. I think if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers will never smoke in restaurants, and then all people there would feel happy, healthy, and avoid danger.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Many people smoke in our country. Smoking is really bad for people. I know the smokers cannot stop smoking. It is bad news for them. However, when they smoke at restaurants in the country, non-smoker also breathe smoke through the air. Although a place may be separated into parts, one for smokers and another for non-smokers, the smoke flows through the air. It affects non-smokers, so the law should be made for non-smokers. It is also helpful to smokers. When they want to smoke, if smoking was banned at all the restaurants in the country, they would go outside. This is uncomfortable, and if they work, it makes them really busy. They could not make time to smoke. As time goes by, maybe they would stop smoking. Smoking is really bad for our bodies. If the people want to live healthy lives, they should stop smoking. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and all over the world.﻿Smoking is bad for our health, so smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has been proven to cause all kinds of diseases such as cancer and heart disease. Smokers cause risk to themselves as well as non-smokers with second-hand smoke. Nicotine in tobacco products is extremely addictive, which makes it hard to quit smoking. Smoking damages non-smokers as well as smokers, so smoking should be banned everywhere. Smoking has a harmful effect on our body's skin, organs, and spirit. First, smoking is harmful to our skin. A smoker's skin occurs ages faster than a non-smoker's. Also, smoking makes the skin weak, so smokers recover more slowly from diseases of the skin. Second, smoking is harmful to our organs. Smoking is a typical cause of many diseases and cancer. Scientifically, smoking is very harmful to our lungs. Finally, smoking is hazardous to our spirit because smoking makes smokers dependent on cigarettes. As stated above, it is bad for our health to smoke. Therefore, smoking should be banned everywhere. Also, I think the government should raise the price of cigarettes so that smokers can't buy them.