Smoking is a bad habit, but it shouldn't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Many people may question and doubt why, but the reason is obvious. Of course smoking is harmful for health, and it also affects others' health; however, if we advocate no smoking in all restaurants in the country, what would the chain-smokers do? Chain smokers have made it a rule to smoke, so it's hard to ask them to quit smoking in a short time. So, if all the restaurants ban smoking, it may result in a wave of anger. Besides, the measure seems so extreme that many smokers may choose not to eat out. What will happen in the end? Some restaurants are likely to break the rules to attract customers and make money. In my opinion, restaurants should set up a smoking area or smoking rooms instead of banning smoking. The action doesn't encourage people to smoke; it just offers some room for smokers to relax temporarily. A chain-smoker will be unhappy if they cannot smoke, and who wants to see somebody with a long face when enjoying a meal at a restaurant? In conclusion, setting up smoking areas is better than banning smoking at all the restaurants, as it is a better policy that can bring reciprocal benefits for all the restaurants, customers, and smokers.﻿I am a smoker. One smokes for different reasons. Teenagers smoke for fun. Doctors may smoke to relieve the pressure of performing surgery. Soldiers smoke because their days are boring. However, smoking is bad for smokers and may be even worse for non-smokers. Nevertheless, there are ways to prevent banning smoking at restaurants, or it would be unfair for those smokers. The government can divide all the restaurants into two parts: one for smokers, the other for non-smokers. In this way, there is a solution to resolve the problem. If one day, the government puts it into practice, this may somehow become unreasonable. If one day smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants, gradually we may start to regulate other places to ban smoking including schools and hospitals. But we have to know that smoking does have its value. Without smoking, this world can't work in a good situation. We should never eliminate anything at random without neglecting its result. Smoking may even be a remedy to cure patients. Some people may live on it to earn money. This could not be banned completely, because it is a habit, and it can even be a fashion among many great people.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And the rule should be done strictly. Why? First, cigarettes are harmful to our body. According to reports, smokers have higher chance of getting cancer and other diseases. And the people who do not smoke but breathe second-hand smoke also have a higher chance of damaging their lungs. As most restaurants are indoors, the air is closed in and not fresh. And if somebody is smoking, all the people in the restaurant will smell it. In my experience, I hate the smell of smoke, every time I smell the smoky air in a restaurant, I have a bad feeling, and I don't want to eat anymore because the food is also not clean. So I think it's better to have a law not to smoke in restaurants. Some restaurants are divided into two parts, smoking and non-smoking areas. But I think it's not a good idea, because we can still smell the bad air. So, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I definitely agree with banning smoking at all restaurants. In fact, although it is hard to achieve, I hope that smoking can be completely banned at all public spaces someday. Although some people think smoking makes them feel comfortable and relaxed, the truth is, cigarettes do hardly anything but harm our health. And most importantly, people should have the right to refuse breathing in second-hand smoke. Restaurants are public spaces; therefore, people who want to smoke should consider others who might not be pleased to dine in an atmosphere full of smoke. After all, if the whole restaurant is full of smoke, how can you enjoy the smell of the food and taste it in good mood? People who have the habit of smoking should know that not everyone can stand the smell of it; in fact, the smell of smoke is terrible for some people who do not smoke at all. Moreover, it is obvious that smoking or breathing in second-hand smoke harms our health. Thus, the next time you step into a restaurant, even if you don't care about your lungs, please respect the rights of others in the same restaurant who might not want to breathe in your second-hand smoke.﻿In the country, not everyone likes smoking. Due to this problem, a lot of restaurant managers set up a smoking corner in their restaurants. We know that smoking is harmful for our health, so why don't those managers ban smoking in their restaurants? First, I think that it is because smoking is a habit. Moreover, it is not illegal. If smoking were banned, it would cause a big problem. Second, the restaurant is an important social place where people chat with each other. If someone's habit is banned in the restaurant, he or she must be more passive when at the restaurant than before. Thus, it will damage business if managers directly ban smoking in their restaurants. Therefore, it is difficult for us to ban smoking in restaurants in the country. We can support smokers to reduce the number of cigarettes they smoke, but we cannot just ban it. Of course, setting up a new smoking corner or upgrading it is the major cure for smoking. If it is useful to prevent harm from smoking, then we do not have to deal with this problem with a too severe heart.﻿Smoking is addictive, but I am rarely around people who smoke because I think smoking affects other people. I often read news reports about how many people in Taiwan suffer from illness or even death because of smoking, and the adverse effects of second-hand smoke are far more than people imagine, but the government has no way of establishing clear and effective laws and regulations. After all, this is a personal habit so a law cannot be implemented. So I think school education is important in letting people know that smoking is a bad habit. In addition to other personal health problems, smoking has very bad effects on the environment. When I see a smoker on the road, they do not take away their cigarette butts, but they readily throw them in the street. I think this is not very good. This habit causes an environmental mess and destroys the beauty of the road. So I hope people can think about whether smoking can be good for you. If the answer is no, then please stop this behavior, and persuade smokers around you to stop. Life without smoking is more beautiful.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is like a drug. It makes people become addicted. Most people know that smoking is bad for their health, but many people still don't stop smoking. Doctors always warn us that smoking causes cancer, heart problems, and lung disease. Another problem is that smoking creates smoke, and the smoke from the cigarettes pollutes the air. This smoke also causes a bad smell and make people feel uncomfortable. The smoke produces "second-hand smoke", which is the smoke breathed in by people near a smoker. It makes non-smokers feel bad and can cause the same illnesses that smokers suffer from. So second-hand smoking harms other people, as well as the smoker. It's time for all governments in the world to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. If you want to enjoy your delicious dinner, you don't want to smell smoke. Non-smoking restaurants will be a tendency when more and more people pay attention to their health. Thus, there is no reason why this "drug" should be legal. The governments should raise the wine and tobacco tax to lower the number of people buying cigarettes in order to achieve the goal of a non-smoking environment for all people.﻿I think it is a good regulation that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Of course, there are pros and cons for smoking. However, only one advantage comes to mind. People who smoke will trigger a chemical reaction in their brain which makes them feel good, happy, and comfortable, but they will have to get more cigarettes to achieve the same level of happiness. Thus, the first disadvantage is that people will gradually spend more money on smoking. Second, the most serious problem resulting from smoking is the damage to health. Smoking destroys people's lungs. Smokers can't breathe as well as non-smokers, so they can't be good athletes. Health issues may influence their life quality, too. Besides, smoking increases the risk of suffering from cancer. What's worse, smoking has a great impact on both the smokers themselves and the people around those smokers. That's the main reason I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. When someone smokes in a restaurant, it not only influences others at that time but also people who come in the future. Because the furniture and walls may absorb the bad things coming from the cigarettes, and impact future customers. Thus, I think smoking ought to be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country.﻿Smoking is harmful to everybody. Those who like to smoke harm their families, friends, and people surrounding them, because secondhand smoke contains a lot of toxic chemicals, which cause lung cancer and heart disease. But those who like to smoke find it difficult to quit the bad habit. When they smoke in a public place, the people around them feel uncomfortable, as smoking affects their health. The government should completely ban smoking in all public places. Ninety percent of people support it, but smokers say that such a law would deprive them of their rights. It's a really difficult problem. Maybe smokers could think about quitting smoking; it would be salutary to themselves and their families or friends. I am not a smoker, and I think it is essential to completely ban smoking in public. The law prevents others from the harm caused by second-hand smoke. The amount of fumes others smell and breathe in from smokers is really annoying. Banning smoking in public places doesn't deprive smokers of their rights, but it protects other people's right. Smokers will still have the right to smoke in their private space, and non-smokers will be free from smoke in public places. Isn't it a wonderful law?﻿Nowadays, some people smoke as a method release stress, but I strongly oppose smoking for several reasons presented as follows. First of all, in terms of health, smoking is very bad for the body. In fact, research nowadays reports that cigarettes contain nicotine and tar, which is proved to be very harmful to human health. According to studies, smoking leads to a higher chance of suffering from lung cancer, laryngo-carcinoma, and oral cavity cancer and so on. What is more, it is not only smokers themselves but also nonsmokers that are harmed by cigarettes. That is, experts believe that secondhand smoke does much more damage to people. Besides, they say that a secondhand smoker smokes six cigarettes while a smoker is smoking only one cigarette. Therefore, stopping smoking is not simply for smokers themselves but also for others around them. Last but not least, smoking builds a negative appearance of a smoker. Most people don't like the smell of cigarettes. Therefore, many people believe that the action of smoking would make them obscene and disliked by others. As a result, we should try our best to prevent people from smoking.