Having a part-time job is important for college students. In my opinion, there are several benefits from the part-time job experience. First, without a doubt, college students spend a large amount of money on food, groceries, pleasure, and so on. Therefore, having a part-time job can not only release the economic pressure on the family but can also make students take responsibility for it. Second, many fourth-grade students, who are about to graduate, worry about their future jobs; therefore, having part-time jobs before graduation helps students collect social experiences and have the chance to come close to everyday work life. In this way, college students are more likely to find out their true interest in various fields of work, which may explain the reason why many students after graduation are not in the relevant fields they learned on campus. Additionally, part-time jobs offer another learning opportunity for students. Don't look down on any job; every job is filled with knowledge and values. Take servers for example, if students have jobs in restaurants, they should learn how to deal with many unexpected problems, including keeping a smile and patience while being blamed by the boss or customers. As time goes by, students will become more mature and good at solving problems wisely. Are you a college student? Do you have a part-time job? If not, why not find a part-time job right now!﻿In my opinion, it is necessary for college students to have a part-time job once their school grades or other conditions become steady. Why? First, college students are old enough to be financially dependent. They are no longer kids, and they have the responsibility to lessen the pressure on their parents. They have to understand how hard it is to work, so that they can save and never waste their money. Second, they will no longer be students in a few years, so they have to judge what kind of job will suit them through having part-time jobs. Take me as an example. As a male, I have to do the military responsibility first for one year, and then I have to work. I am very afraid now. Many of my classmates are worried about not being able to find a job, and I may face the same situation in one year's time. One of my classmates declined the chance to be a teacher in kindergarten, because she found herself having no interest in education. And some of my classmates felt sad and worried after job interviews, because they found they didn't have the skills or experiences that the bosses wanted. So I think it's good to test college students' abilities by having a part-time job.﻿I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job for two reasons. First, a part-time job can increase your experiences, and you could learn many things that aren't taught in class. For example, if you work in a restaurant, you could learn how to communicate with different people, and you could learn how to handle emergency situations. If you are a homeroom teacher, you could increase your patience and you will know it's not easy to be a good teacher, which may make you study harder in class. Also, you can meet different kinds of people in different jobs, and you could learn more from their experiences. Second, a part-time job can earn you money, so you can share the economic burden with your parents. Even if the money is not much, the feeling of earning money yourself is so good. Finally, I think college students should find part-time jobs. Maybe the job you do has no relation with what you study now, but it's a good way to try different things. It will make your college life more colorful, and it really has a lot benefits for your future career.﻿I think it is good if it is necessary for college students to have a part-time job. It is good to have some work experience while in school, as more work experience might help you have more chance than others to get the job you want after you leave school. This means, it may bring you more competitive advantage than others. You can also learn how to get along with people and understand the difficulty of earning money, and it may make you more mature. However, as we may spend almost all our lives seeking work and working hard for money, I don't think it is necessary for us to start it during our school life. People always want to be adults in their childhood and want to be students when they start working. There are many things we can do only in school. Unless there are economy problems, I don't think spending time at a part-time job is worthwhile. Moreover, for those who cannot manage their time well, it is possible to spend too much time and energy on a part-time job, which may cause students' school grades to drop. Thus, if there is no need to get a part-time job, I think students should enjoy their college life. Don't be too eager to step into your business life or you may regret it.﻿It is necessary for college students to have a part-time job. The major purpose of college is education, thus, the college must provide a safe environment and a peaceful learning place. Because of the safe environment at school, students are always protected from the ruthless social reality of work, so they cannot observe the differences between the workplace and the educational place. Students can gain skills which are important in the workplace, such as work attitude, and they can increase their patience in order to deal with problems. Additionally, they will understand how to find out the relation between the part-time job and the knowledge they learned in college. Most of all, a part-time job for college students can make them actively get friends and expand their viewpoints, so they will not set their target too small and narrow in the future. Of all the effects of a part-time job, I think the most important and deepest one is about work attitude and patience. Even if someone is smart or learned, he or she will easily be in trouble if he or she lacks one of the above. Frankly speaking, learning how to get along with people will always be important and more difficult than the learning of knowledge. We can compare the workplace with a new college that proffers the learning of human relations. From a part-time job, we can learn more skills about how to live well in the workplace.﻿I am a university student, and when I have free time, I go to my part-time job. The reason why I go to this part-time job is that I want to add to my experiences and earn more money for my daily life. Before I was a university student, some bosses may have thought I was too young to do some part-time jobs, so it was difficult to find a part-time job. The special experience in my part-time job was to teach children aged only five years' old. At first, I thought it was a difficult job, but when I realized how to face children, I was so happy that I could do this job, it gives me so many experiences and I love children more than before. A part-time job is a good way to kill time and make some new friends. Therefore, I suggest that all college students find a suitable job in their free time; however, they cannot forget their school studies. They must be careful not to be cheated because they want to make money, so they should find the healthiest way to find a happy part-time job to enrich their lives.﻿I agree that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. I'm a college student and I have a part-time job because my family financial situation is not good. I have to make some money to pay my school expenses. Except for making money, I got something else from working part time. First, I learned how to deal with different problems, because I had to face different customers who had different requests. Second, the more work experience you have, the easier it is to get a job in the future. In my process of finding jobs, most bosses don't like to hire employees who have no experience. From my viewpoint, accumulating as much work experience as possible is good for you in the future. Different jobs can teach you something that is not taught at school. Even though there are so many advantages for having a part-time job, students shouldn't let the part-time job affect their school life. We should make the perfect balance between part-time jobs and school life. Giving consideration to these two things makes your college life colorful. After all, it's a good experience for you and you will learn many things form your job. A part-time job is important for me and for you, so we should find one and start a new life.﻿I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many reasons why I think working part-time is a good idea. The first advantage that comes to mind is that students can earn their own money for their allowance. They are no longer a burden on their families. Some outstanding students can even become financially independent. Second, people who earn money by themselves tend not to spend money because they want to but because they need to. Since they earn every penny by themselves, they understand the value of money and learn to cherish it. Besides, in order to maintain a normal school performance, it is meaningful for college students to learn how to manage their time well. Time management is vital at all times. What's more, they may have trouble with their co-workers, employers, or customers. When dealing with problems, they understand the value of cooperation and identify their responsibilities. However, some people may still disagree with college students having part-time jobs because they think that students should focus on their academic work and having part-time jobs will not have a positive influence on students' school performances. Nevertheless, as I explained before, that is not always true. Although school performance is important, it isn't everything. Part-time jobs can teach students something that they can't learn in school. I think students who have part-time jobs acquire more benefits than those who don't.﻿Part-time jobs are important to college students. College students have many social activities, like clubs, parties, and some competitions. They want to make more friends and experience a different life, so they spend more. Because they spend more, they need some extra money in their pocket. So, some college students find part-time jobs such as a tutor. If the working hours are too long, sometimes those college students will delay their studies, but they are usually shortsighted. They think that earning money is much more important than studying well. They waste their time on part-time jobs and join too many activities. As a result, some people suspend their schooling to get more part-time jobs. When they grow older, they will regret their decision; it is like putting the cart before the horse. They give up their studies for a meager salary. That's really ridiculous. As far as I am concerned, maybe I would get a part-time job if I had much free time, like the summer or winter vacations, or if I can pass the course easily. The most important thing is to complete the course you are there to study. Then, after you graduate, you will find a better job.﻿After entering college, many people will do part-time jobs to earn money. Their main purpose is to increase their pocket money, and I was no exception. I did many part-time jobs; for example, as a cram school teacher, a waitress, a file manager, and giving away flyers. I even have experience of writing news releases, and in conducting investigations. The main purpose of working is to make money, but I take my part-time job seriously and contribute my enthusiasm. Even when giving away the flyers, I have an amiable mood and I smile to every passerby. When I face my employers, I have a modest and polite attitude. I always modestly learn and do my best, when I do not understand how to do something. Even though bad customers make it difficult for me, I am not discouraged. After all, this is only part of my work. These part-time job experiences let me know how difficult it is to work, and I will be more cautious about the use of my money, though I believe that I may not spend too much money with worry about the society.  After all, I have had many experiences that I cannot learn in school.