I think having part-time job experiences for students in their college life is important. In my opinion, first, most students don't have to leave their hometown and don't have to do everything by themselves before they become freshmen. When they become a freshman, students might have to leave their hometown to go to a good university and parents might tell them that they should deal with everything by themselves including living costs. So this is definitely a good chance to train them. Second, they can learn a lot of rules and professional knowledge about the job and methods for making friends by having part-time job experiences. It is useful for training them and making their world wider. Besides, friends who they meet in their part-time job might be important in their future. For instance, they might find their best friend, or even their soul mate, and friends or bosses that can give a hand in their future job when they meet some difficulties. When doing a part-time job, the life in university can be looked at as a little society, so before entering the real society, it can be a good chance for students to practice and find ways to make themselves more sophisticated. I think having a part-time job experiences might be useful and make it easier for students to find good jobs.﻿I don't agree that it's important for college students to have a part time job, unless they must. Taiwan's education is not similar to the U.S.; we don't have many choices from which to choose to experience in school. Only in college can we choose many ways to learn, even if your major is not in the department, you can choose the class of other departments. In college, you can study many things, and you can control what time you want to go to school, except for major classes. How many classes you have experienced? Except for major classes, you have much time to do what you want to do, you might want to rest instead of being in class all day or you can use the time to swim or do some sports. How long do you stay in college? General students have 4 years in college in Taiwan; you spend one third of that time going to major classes and more than one third going to other classes, there is not much time left to do things you want to do in depth. Sometimes, you think money is most important for your life, but, in my opinion, learning is really the most important.﻿In today's modern society, more and more students are earning their allowances. Besides, many employers want to hire people who have work experience before entering their companies. Thus, work experience for students is important. As we can see in the colleges, most of the students have a part-time job when they study. They not only want to earn their living, but also accumulate work experience. This experience is important for writing their resumes. When they want to enter a company in the future, many employers look at the section on work experience in the resumes. The more experience you have, the easier it is to enter your favorite company. And that's the reason why college students want to have a part-time job while studying. Take me for example, now I'm a college student, and I'm seeking a part-time job for the summer vacation. In order to broaden my work experience, I have tried many kinds of tasks which are totally different, such as a receptionist at the World Trade Center and a telephone caller in a cram school. In my opinion, once I have done more jobs, I will have more chance to enter my favorite firm. To extend the work experience, it is important for a college student to have a part-time job. Moreover, once the experience accumulates, the employer is more likely to employee you in the future!﻿In order to be an independent adult, we have to work in our student life. We will get much money and experience, and we will learn how to live in the world. For example, I have had three part-time jobs in my school life. My first part-time job is as a guide. My work involves taking Japanese tourists around Taipei City. I love traveling, so I enjoy the part-time job. It's interesting to me. My second part-time job is a cram school teacher. I have to teach junior high school students geography. The work is more difficult than my first part-time job. I have to help them improve their geography test grades. If the students don't learn the subject, I will receive complaints from the students' parents and the other cram school teachers. I not only have to ensure high geography test grades, but I also have to edit the new geography textbook. It's not easy for me. My third part-time job was a sales clerk at KFC. The work was busy. I had to clean tables, introduce set meals, and fry the chicken. I hated the job, so I quit after 3 months. Although I had some bad experiences, it's still important to me. These experiences are important in my life.﻿Actually, students don't have a lot of time to waste. Before senior high, you must learn basic theory, so you only have 7 years to learn the pro-level knowledge and choose which job you might do for your whole life. If you don't study hard, you may lose the job you want. Everyone wants to do the job they want, so you can't avoid being compared with others, as many companies decide who they want based on who has the most pro-level knowledge. Some companies will decide based on your part-time work experience, but most part-time jobs aren't related to the job you want because the company doesn't let untrained people do complex jobs. Therefore, you might not benefit from your part-time experience when you look for a job. Part-time jobs are not a bad choice when you are a student, but you should control your time well. Don't let your part-time job take up a huge part of your life. You still have to take the time to concentrate on your studies. Studying should still be your priority. Time is money; if you control your time well, you will have a lot of good experiences to enrich your life. Knowledge is the most important power for students. It's an unchangeable rule.﻿I have tried to work since I graduated from senior high school, not only during vacation but also while I studied for my exams. There are no other reasons for working, except that I am poor. I have to earn my living by looking for a part-time job and doing well. Actually, my free time is almost all gone. When I leave school, I have to run to my office. I have tried telephoning at cram schools or standing on the street all afternoon to distribute DM. I have little time to join my friends' activities. I left the ball team because I could not handle it. Sometimes I hate that I have to work, but I also find new fun in my part-time job. I can practice my conversation skills while being a waitress, and I can be friends with many other students like me, and I learn many experiences that I can't learn in school. I have also found a way to balance both my school and my job. I can use my time well to do each thing. I don't think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because not everyone can handle both in his college life, but if you have the ability, you can train yourself and gain achievement in different areas. It's useful for your future work.﻿I agree that is important for students to have a part-time job at college. In our country, children are protected by their parents until they are 18 or older. We don't have much time to experience the outside world. Going to college is the first time we have to deal everything ourselves, so I think it's a perfect time to make more friends and know how hard it is for our parents earn money. You can learn a lot of things from a part-time job; for example, if you are a clerk, you can learn how to use the cash register and how to talk to customers. From those experiences, you may know how to interact with other people in a polite way. Also, you can try to release some pressure off your parents by letting them know you can do those things, so they don't have to worry about you. Moreover, in college we have a lot of activities, so you always have to spend some money. If you want to save money, you must try to earn money, and the income must be more than the money you spend. Although it's important to have a part-time job, we must remember our main job is our school work. Learning how to schedule our time is another challenge. Having a part-time job can make students more independent and more responsible for their lives.﻿In my opinion, I think every college student should have a part-time job during their school life. While we are in school, people always say that school is just like a small society. But if we want to learn how to socialize with people or compromise with others, we should get a part-time job. It's the fastest way to know how society works. Although we may feel upset in some way, every challenge is a new opportunity to experience society, and it makes us stronger. In the future, when we graduate from college and get a full-time job in other places, we will discover that the frustrations we faced before are nothing at all because we know how to deal with them, and solve problems from experience. While searching for a part-time job, there is some important information for students to know. Students should focus on their schoolwork and concentrate on their major courses, without interruption from the job. A part-time job is just a lesson to prepare us to enter society, but we students can't mix them, or we may screw them both up. A job is a job, the school is the school, and we need to separate the part-time job from our schoolwork.﻿People argue about whether students should have a part-time job; some think it makes people learn something, like society skills and speaking skills, but others think that it compresses the time that students need to study. I started my part-time job after I graduated from junior high school; that was the first time I got money from a job. I was so happy that I spent it very quickly; I bought clothes and food. I felt very satisfied, but the more people have, the more unsatisfied the heart becomes. So I felt unhappy when I had spent all my money. My best friend, Cindy, works at a part-time job every day. Her life is work, work, and work. When we have a group report, she usually can't do it with us, but it is important to attend our class, so we became unhappy and told her that it's not right. If the thing she learned in college is just work, and she ignores her friends, studies, grades, and future, it's like putting the cart before the horse. Now we don't do reports with her anymore. It is no use crying over spilt milk even if she regrets it. Maybe a part-time job can make one more and more wise, but it can let one lose one's college life. I think college time is more precious than anything. If you haven't enjoyed the time at college, it's very unfortunate.﻿As college students, we are responsible for our lives. We have to work for an income ourselves. That is why we need a part-time job so much. We have classes and need to study most of the time. We could do a full-time job, but the problem of living costs still need to be solved. To solve this problem, finding a part-time job is a good way. Summer vacation is coming. It is a hot time that many people want to find part-time jobs, especially students, because we now have more free time to work. If we make good use of the summer vacation, we can have extra money to use from a part-time job. Part-time jobs have some advantages for us. First, we don't have to throw all of our time into it. For most jobs, you just need to choose some period that you can go to work. Second, you can learn more new things and skills, most importantly, and also the ordinary reason we want to get a part-time job, is that we can earn some money. However, finding a part-time job also has some bad parts. One is that the salary is very little. Sometimes the employer may take students as free workers. The pay isn't equal to the amount we work. The other is that there are plenty of illegal jobs nowadays. If we don't pay full attention and find jobs carefully, we may break the law. So finding a part-time job isn't an easy thing and we must be careful.