I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job; first, college students should be responsible for their behaviors, and not rely on their parents all the time, even for daily life spending. They can earn a living by getting part-time jobs, so that they will know that earning money is not as easy as they thought. Once they have a part-time job, they will be more careful when spending money and be more responsible for their behaviors. Second, by doing a part-time job, they can make friends with people who have the same interests. For example, if you work as a sales assistant, you will meet someone who is outgoing and also loves to interact with other people; if you work in the kitchen of a restaurant, you will meet someone who is also interested in cooking or baking. So no matter what kind of job you get, you can always find someone who shares the same interests with you. Last but not least; through the job, students can learn something which they cannot learn in school, such as, how to interact with customers and what to do when they complain, and how to work perfectly with co-workers and the boss. They will also know which ability they are lacking, so they can learn even harder during their free time at school. For those three reasons, I totally agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job for several reasons. First, you can earn money on your own. When we are growing up, the entire bill for studying is paid by our parents. Usually one enters college at the age of eighteen. Eighteen years old means you are an adult, so you should share the economical load of your family. You can use the money to pay for your registration and learn to be independent. Second, you can learn how to deal with problems encountered in your work. When you solve these problems, you can get experiences that will one day help you when you graduate from school. Last, you can make friends from your work. A good friend will be of help in your future work, especially when you are in trouble. He can save you when you need help. But as a student, your primary goal is to get good grades to pass the exam, so you shouldn't spend too much time at your part-time job. You need time to study and to go to class. Try to distribute your time among your class, part-time job, hobbies, and the rest! Those things must be balanced or you will regret it in the future.﻿It depends on the person's needs. Different students have different needs. Rich students do not have to consider whether they have money to live or not, but for poor students, having a part-time job is very important. However, some students will have a part-time job in order to get work experience. For me, having a part-time job is quite important. My parents cannot send much money for me as an allowance, so if I want to buy some new stuff, go to restaurants or go traveling, etc., I have to pay for myself. Students have part-time jobs not only to earn some money as an allowance but also to get some experiences. Therefore, I always make myself have two part-time jobs during each semester. One, the key-in job, is for my daily life, and the other, a school office helper, is for the experience. Both of them are simple jobs and I can earn 95 NT dollars per hour. Although, having a part-time job is quite important for some students. Safety is also important. That is why my two part-time jobs are both provided by my school, NCCU. The importance of having part-time jobs is different for different students. As long as you need one, then just go find one. But we should also remember to not only take on the responsibility of the job but also protect ourselves.﻿Although some people think that university students should concentrate on their studies and they should not get a part-time job, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many advantages for university students to get a part-time job. First, if they get a part-time job which is related to their major, they will understand more about their major and future job. Many high school students in Taiwan just choose their major based on their grades or according to their parents. Some people find that they dislike their job after they start working in the field. However, they already spent years completing their Bachelor's degree and it may be too late for them to study another major in the university. One of my friend's major is accounting. After she had an internship at Ernst and Young, she realized that she does not want to work for the Big Four for the rest of her life. Another advantage of having a part-time job is earning money and the local economy. There are many traditional opportunities for university students to be a private tutor. Students can earn money while children in Taiwan can have a better education. According to some surveys, teenagers are more likely to spend money than other people. As a result, if university students cannot have a part-time job, there will be a negative impact on the local economy. In conclusion, university students have the right to have part-time jobs. Since there are so many advantages for students in getting part-time job, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿Many college students have experiences of doing part-time jobs. Some of them even spend most of their leisure time doing part-time jobs. I think doing part-time jobs is really important for college students because they can learn what they can't get from school. For example, they broaden their fields of vision by having more chances to get along with different people. Second, they learn to have sense of responsibility by taking charge of their tasks. Third, they make friends with people from different places, which makes their college time more interesting and substantial. Nevertheless, college students can't have a part-time job if they cannot concentrate on their studies. Although I think that having the experiences of part-time jobs is important, learning from their studies is the most important thing for college students. If students spend most of their time doing a part-time job, they will miss the chance to enjoy campus life and make precious memories. To make matters worse, they may fail their examinations. To sum up, college students should first do their best in their studies, and they should participate in activities in school, like clubs. Experiences of clubs are useful for improving abilities of leadership, and are thus helpful for applying jobs after graduating. Only if they still have time should they have a part-time job while enjoying their college life.﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. My answer might have been the opposite before I got two part-time jobs this summer. After working from 9 am to 7 pm in the place where I work now, I find several reasons why it is important for college students to work part-time. First, by working part-time we gain different kinds of work experiences before we graduate and work full-time. Full-time jobs mostly require professional knowledge and skills and they are more serious; thus, it is more difficult to change your job once you are in a full-time position. What part-timers are required to do is often less professional. When you are applying for a part-time job, there should be more choices so you gain different kinds of experiences from doing different kinds of jobs. This is precious because it might be a help to your future career; for example, you might learn some professional knowledge through the work, and through various kinds of work experiences, you might determine what you really want to do. Secondly, by earning money on our own, we are more likely to spend money in a more careful way. It is common for young people to spend money on unnecessary things, and part-time jobs are not usually high-paid jobs. Thus, by being paid based on our work hours, we realize how difficult it is to earn a living and thus build correct concepts of money. Still, there are some more benefits from working part-time, as it is a help to those students that face economic pressures. To sum up, I think as long as students are able to use their time well - that is, part-time jobs will not influence their studying - it would be beneficial to students to have a part-time job.﻿Having a part-time job is an important and necessary element for college students. As long as one can organize his/her schedule well and use the time efficiently, a part-time job is a helpful experience and good training for the future career. Several key benefits of a part-time job will be discussed in the following. First, from a part-time job, a college student can get real experiences related to his/her major, which helps one understand more and apply what he/she has learned. Alternatively, he/she can explore a variety of jobs and discover the most suitable future path for him/her. And then he/she can turn the focus to what he/she wants to study. Moreover, working outside of the school may lead to the chance of meeting various people, which can further broaden one's horizon and enrich one's knowledge. Besides, it is a good chance to practice how to deal with people and business, e.g., cultivating patience and toughness, or forming the habits of efficiency and punctuality, and this does well for one's survival in society and in a future career. Last but not least, a part-time job helps to reduce the financial burden or is a resource for earning more allowance. Compared to stealing or cheating for money, a legal part-time job is a safe way to gain money. All in all, a part-time job is helpful for a college student, and thus having experienced part-time jobs is important in college life.﻿I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job during their college period. The following are some reasons why I consider having a part-time job is beneficial. To begin with, going to a college is like preparing to establish your future career. Students learn and study knowledge for what might be useful one day. If you can have a part-time job while you are studying, you can learn more efficiently from not only the textbook but also the real life experiences. In addition, having a part-time job can help you to gain respect from peers and establish relationships with others. Take myself as an example; I was once working in the National Theater as a receptionist. I learned how important it is to communicate and listen to customers. I became more eloquent when talking to others for I needed to give specific orders to my peers to help them accomplish some tasks. In fact, participating in both school and work was pretty exhausting. The tight schedule nearly made me fall to pieces. However, following that tough period, I can embrace challenges instead of giving up whenever I am faced with difficulties. I became more patient with people, and I welcome any criticism. In conclusion, having a part-time job can help college students learn more efficiently, gain lots of experience, handle pressure well with patience, and welcome criticism. As a result, it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿Having a part-time job is a good thing for students. It can not only make students gain work experience but it can also make them more independent. But for me, having a part-time job isn't very important. Nowadays, more and more college students have part-time jobs. When the class ends, students usually say that they are going to work. They work so hard that they don't have time to relax. Because of the work, when friends ask them to go shopping, they always turn them down. If you are always absent, friends will not invite you next time and you will become lonely. Besides, many students who have jobs after class often finish late. When they get home, they don't have the energy to review their homework, which makes them get lower grades in the class. Furthermore, because they are out of energy, some of them even sleep during the class. It's not worth it if you get lonely and get bad grades just because of the work. Before you get a job, you should take care of your schoolwork. Students should behave as students. Thus, I don't think it is very important for college students to get part-time jobs.﻿A part-time job is an inevitable part in my college days. Since I started studying at university, I have taken many kinds of jobs from a waitress to a tutor. There are so many jobs I have done that sometimes I can't remember all of them. There are several reasons why I took so many part-time jobs and what part-time jobs mean for me. First, I have to earn my own living. Since my family doesn't have the ability to support all of my life expenses, I have to make some money to support my own life. Therefore, I took many jobs to earn enough money for my life. Second, I can have different experiences and learn some things from taking different jobs. Since I have done many kinds of jobs, I have learned different experiences from them. For example, I learned how to cope with the students I tutor and I have learned some teaching skills. I also learned how to treat customers in a suitable way when I was a waitress. These experiences are really meaningful for me. The last reason is that I can make different kinds of friends from different jobs, and it's really interesting to have some chats during work time. Part-time jobs take up a great part of my college life. Even though I feel tired or frustrated because of them, I believe that I have learned a lot and matured from these experiences. Therefore, I really can't imagine what my college life would be like if I hadn't done a part time job. 