Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, smoking harms our body and leads to lung cancer, makes our teeth look dirty, and smells bad. More seriously, smoking is not only harmful to ourselves but also to the people who surround us. Second-hand smoke causes those innocent people harm without having a choice. It is kind of unfair since you are the one who enjoys smoking and the nearby people will also be victims. Some would even say that "you can leave to avoid the smoke, it's your choice." If you are having a superb dinner in a restaurant, with good company, great music, perfect wine, and with all your kids, it would make a lovely photo. However, if there is a guest who was smoking nearby, all you can smell is the stinky smoke and you lose your appetite. Your first thought is to leave immediately, but it's really a pity to leave all your gorgeous food there. And since you are not the one who does wrong, it's not your fault. The smokers are the ones who should be blamed! Therefore, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Everyone knows that smoking is not good for us. The smoke contains many kinds of chemical compounds which can cause cancer. If you don't smoke, you can still be threatened by smoke because people around you could be smokers! There is much medical evidence showing that the harmfulness of second-hand smoke is greater than that of first-hand smoke. When someone smokes around you, maybe you will walk to them and say "Excuse me, sir. This is a non-smoking place." Usually this guy would throw away his cigarette and say sorry to you, but sometimes you are not so lucky. This man could say "Why? Why don't you go away?" At this time, the government should make a law to restrict the rights of the smoker and protect those non-smokers. The law should say that one cannot smoke at the place which has more than three people, including restaurants. If someone ignores the law, they should be fined ten thousand NTD. Based on the reason of health, smoking should be banned in public places such as restaurants. If we don't do this, we will suffer from health problems caused by smoke. Next time you eat dinner at a restaurant, no one should smoke beside you.﻿My answer is "YES." Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is that if someone smokes, some smell is produced from the cigarette, and the person's surroundings will smell bad. The bad smell certainly ruins the great meal and the mood. And the second reason is that smoking ruins people's health. Nowadays, more and more people die because of lung cancer. Some of them are addicted to smoking, but some of them are just breathing in too much second-hand smoke. Smoking not only makes people get cancer but also make the smokers' teeth become yellower day by day. That way, no matter how handsome he is or how pretty she is, when he or she smiles, their teeth will scare many people. The third reason is my personal opinion; I do not like to be with a guy who smokes in front of me. The bad smell really makes it difficult for me to breathe, and also makes all of my body, my hair, and my clothes smell bad! I think government should teach those who smoke to quit smoking, and the smokers should learn how bad their behavior is. So I completely agree that smoking should be banned at all of the restaurants.﻿Although some people think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country; I hold a different opinion on this issue. First, everybody knows that smoking is not only bad for those who smoke, but also for those who do not smoke. This is very unfair for those who do not smoke. They do not like the smell of smoke, but they still have to bear it and their health conditions are affected. The only way to protect those who do not smoke is by totally banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Second, more people's lives will be saved by doing so. My grandfather did not smoke at all, but he died of lung cancer because many of his friends smoked. If this law had come earlier, many people would not have died of lung cancer. Third, restaurants are places for people to have meals instead of smoking. Those who smoke should not come to restaurants to smoke. If they want to smoke, they should go to a smoking area. In conclusion, since a lot of surveys have already pointed out that smoking is bad for people's health, we should have strict laws to restrict this bad thing, or more people will die from second-hand smoke.﻿Smoking is extremely harmful to health. It is harmful to not only the smokers, but also the people around them. Because of this, smoking is banned at most of the restaurants in Taiwan now. I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants should have the right to decide what they do. They can welcome the customers who smoke, or they can put a ban on smoking. However, restaurants should have a sign on the door to let the customers know whether they can smoke there. If a person who doesn't smoke sees the sign that smoking is permitted in a restaurant, he would not go in and have a meal. Conversely, if a person doesn't care about the smell of smoke, even if smoking is permitted in a restaurant, he can still have a meal there. Besides, restaurants can be parted into smoking areas and nonsmoking areas. To sum up, the most important thing is that restaurants should mark clearly whether customers can smoke in the restaurant. Then customers can decide where they want to go. If a restaurant loses their customers by letting people smoke, they could afterward put a ban on smoking. Hence, I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I disagree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Even though smoking is harmful to people who smoke, and also to people who don't smoke but are around, I think we should still respect the smokers' needs. To explain it in a simple way, people gain happiness through different ways. It just happens to be a harmful way for the smokers to gain happiness. It may urge them to quit smoking if the government practices the ban, but to those who haven't succeeded in quitting, it could be torture if they can't find a place where smoking is allowed except their homes, and it might cause further problems. There should be a substitute plan: Smoking should be banned at common restaurants, except for those with smoking areas set apart from non-smoking areas. Second, the number of restaurants with smoking areas should be limited. Third, any violation of the rules should be heavily-fined. The government should put more effort on educating people, preventing the non-smokers from starting to smoke, and providing help for the smokers to quit smoking before implementing such strict legislation. It is important for the government to think of a proper policy that makes both the smokers and non-smokers better off.﻿I disagree with the claim that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Instead, there should be a part of restaurants maintained for the smokers. The supporting reasons are as follows. First, smoking is a basic human right, even though it may be bad for the smoker's and others' health, we cannot forbid people to smoke. Therefore, restaurants that allow smoking should provide spaces for those who want to enjoy eating and smoking at the same time, and then these places can gather those who smoke together and leave those who cannot bear the smell of cigarettes in a comfortable place. Moreover, smoking is a special culture, and we should not wipe it out from the diverse society. Some restaurants provide water-smoke devices, and smokers gather together to share that habit, and tourists even come to visit that kind of restaurant. If the place of sharing a habit disappears, then the culture about the habit is hard to keep. Still, unlike drugs, of which only a little amount can lead to severe and immediate damage to the body and the loss of a working ability, cigarettes are not so dangerous; only a large amount of smoke cigarettes harm people's health. To sum up, smoking is more a right and a habit than a danger. Therefore, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿Many people believe that having a meal and cigarettes is part of our social life and doing business. However, while it is well known that smoking is bad for human's health, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, a second-hand smoke environment is worse than actually smoking cigarettes. A restaurant is a place for families, and people including kids and pregnant women, to have a nice meal. If you allow people to smoke during the meal, it's not only very rude to other guests having a meal with you but also harmful to other customers sitting in the same restaurant. Second, all those customers who don't smoke might stop coming to the restaurants, which would reduce the income of the restaurants and make them close down. The taste of food would be destroyed by smoking at the same moment as well. It is not a proper way to enjoy a nice lunch/dinner. Last but not least, smoking is not a requirement during the meal. Normally people want to smoke after the meal instead of during the eating process. If people want to have a more relaxing conversation by having a cigarette, they can also go outside or some other places such as a lounge bar. Smoking in a restaurant is not only impolite but also has a bad influence on other customers' health. To sum up, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿I, who doesn't smoke, completely agrees with that. In my opinion, smoking doesn't bring any benefits; it's a totally bad thing. Smokers shouldn't smoke in the restaurant. In restaurants, it's hard for them to have completely separated smoking and non-smoking sections. If one person smokes, then everyone around him has to breathe in the smoke. Also, the waitresses in a smoky bar or restaurant will breathe in entire boxes of cigarettes just from breathing the dirty air. For people who don't smoke, it's hard to stand it. Maybe people who smoke will think that it's nothing. But for people like me, who don't smoke, it is really stinky. Furthermore, when we breathe in the second-hand smoke they produce, we may have higher risk of getting cancer. Smoking is bad for our health. When people smoke, the smoke they produce also causes air pollution. Everyone wants to have a good environment when having meals. I think people shouldn't smoke when having meals. We should ban this in the country. Having meals is a pleasurable thing, but when people smoke during that time, I think most people won't feel good. It's really important to ban this in the restaurants. I totally agree with that.﻿Smoking is really a strange thing for me and confuses me a lot. Every time I stand at the bus stop waiting for the bus to come, walk on the streets, or even stand in front of a restaurant waiting for my meals, I can often smell some bad and disgusting smell which comes from some other people's smoke. "Disgusting second-hand smoke again!" I can't help but feel uncomfortable immediately owing to the smoke. "How can people be fond of smoking and even have to smoke a lot every day?" As far as I am concerned, smoking is no good for people. Not only does it harm your health and your lungs, but it also takes so much of your money to buy the cigarettes. You have to face the risk of getting lung cancer, spend a lot of money, and you are even hated by some other people. Then, why can't smokers stop smoking? I think some smokers can't quit because it makes them feel relaxed and they are even addicted in it. Therefore, it seems hard for those smokers to quit. And for some teenagers, they may think smoking is a cool thing and start to have the bad habit. However, I don't think people should keep smoking no matter what the reasons are. Smoking can not only harm your health but also harm the health of others. And it also makes the city more unclean because of the deserted cigarettes which are on the ground everywhere. Therefore, for everyone's health, the city's environment and saving money, I think smokers had better quit the bad habit as soon as they can.