I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is bad for everyone. Every year, many people die of lung cancer because of smoking. Despite knowing the serious data, there are still thousands of people who smoke in Taiwan and around the world. Some people might say that they smoke because they feel upset or angry, but I think smoking to improve a negative mood will hurt the body more and will not make anyone happier. Moreover, smoking pollutes the environment and disturbs the environmental balance. Smoking in personal spaces might not influence other people, but it is unforgiveable to smoke in public spaces, as it is important to respect other people. Restaurants are places where people go to enjoy food and relax, younger and older people go too, so I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for everyone's health. Furthermore, I think smoking should disappear from the world to make people healthier, because health is a person's best treasure and has a big influence on all people, from young to old. It is lucky to be healthy and live in clean environment. To protect our country and Earth, the government should send or revise laws to keep people healthy and maintain a clean environment.﻿We know the behavior of smoking is very awful; it not only harms your lungs but is also dangerous for everybody around you. Because the drug harms the human body, smoking has to be banned everywhere, except when you are alone. Someone who is smoking will influence other people, when they are in public places. If a person is smoking next to you while you are enjoying delicious food, you will smell the smoke and feel uncomfortable. Even if the dish tastes good, you will just want to get away from the smoker and won't be able to enjoy your dish. Smoking in restaurants makes everyone unhappy and harms their lungs and yours. The smell easily gets on clothes, so people who are not smokers will be influenced by the bad smell, making others think they are smokers and thus giving a bad image. Not only does smoking harm your health but it also makes other people lose their human rights. If you do not care about your health, no one can stop you smoking, but other people have the right to say "no" to your behavior. In order to improve everyone's moods, health, and their human rights, smokers should be banned from smoking at restaurants and all public places.﻿Many people hate smoking and the smell of smoke, as do I, because it may cause health problems and other worse outcomes. If the majority of the public dislikes smoking, the government should ban it at all the restaurants in the country. Research has found that smoking causes health problems, such as cancer. As we know, people who smoke can badly affect their health. However, people who do not smoke may be affected by inhaling the smoke of those who smoke in public, and what's worse, the possibility of having cancer is much higher than for smokers. It is unfair to those who do not smoke. Besides, some people think that the smell of the smoke is pretty disgusting, some even vomit when they smell it. If there is no law to restrict smoking in public, more people might end up in hospital. Most importantly, when we eat at a restaurant, we hope to breathe clean air and enjoy a comfortable environment. If someone smokes in such a place, the smell is bad, and it may pollute the air, and what's worse, it may ruin the taste of the food and affect the consumer's mood. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants for the sake of the public's health and for a comfortable environment.﻿It goes without saying that smoking has a bad influence on our bodies. If we keep smoking for a long period, we may be addicted to it as a result of the substance in the cigarette named nicotine. It is possible that we will be too addicted to quit smoking by the time we realize that smoking is such a terrible thing, unless we have the great determination and willpower to overcome all the difficulties we may face while quitting smoking. Besides this, smoking will weaken our lungs and increase the probability of suffering from lung cancer. If we suffer from lung cancer, it will make not only ourselves uncomfortable but also our family unhappy and worried about us as well. The worst thing is that we may even die because of it. Moreover, when smoking, we produce a substance which is so-called "second-hand smoke". Second-hand smoke affects the people around the smokers, making their health become bad. They may also get the same disease and suffer the same consequences as smokers. To sum up, cigarette smoking is really bad for our health. As a consequence, we should never smoke, no matter what kind of conditions we are in. In addition, we should persuade our family members who are accustomed to smoking to stop doing it.﻿I think the government should set the rule to ban smoking at every restaurant in the country. First, smoke is not good for pregnant women. Second, not everyone likes the smell of smoke. Additionally, I think smoking is an unhealthy activity, and kids might learn to smoke if they see others smoking. The smoke also could turn the restaurant into unhealthy place, because of second-hand smoke. It's not a good thing for restaurants, because fewer consumers might go to the restaurant. Of course it's not an effective policy because, even if the government sets that rule, smokers could smoke outside the restaurant. But if it can lessen the number of smokers, I think it would be a good situation. It also can improve the restaurant's atmosphere. For smokers, it's a good chance to quit this unhealthy activity, as it causes lung disease. Much research proves that. But it's not effective for the smoker because they rely on smoking to reduce the pressure. The policy of banning smoking might reduce the amount of consumers at the restaurant because a lot of men want to smoke, even when they are eating dinner. It's an unchangeable but true situation. I think the government should set more rules like this not only in restaurants. They should try to make a non-smoking society. It's difficult but it could also put the country into a good situation because the power of the government is from the people. If people aren't healthy, it's not good for the country's development.
﻿I strongly agree with the issue because I cannot endure people smoking. Sometimes I can understand why people smoke, so I don't blame them. But when I want to take a break, the smell makes me distracted. It is really not a good experience. Actually, smoking is not a good habit since it is not good for your health. More importantly, it affects not only you but also the people around you. It can hurt your breathing system and even result in lung cancer. Your teeth may be yellower and you can't give up this habit unless you make up your mind. You want one every time you finish your dinner, lunch, even breakfast. You especially like the feeling of smoking with your "good friends". You even like to go on smoking when your parents or wife (husband) do not want you to. Giving up smoking is a very long journey not only for you but also for your family. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. At least, restaurants should mark an area as "no smoking" for a clean eating condition. Smokers should be aware that not everybody likes the smell.﻿In the science museum, there is an exhibition of two lungs, one is a lung of a smoker, and the other is a healthy lung. You can see a lot difference between the two lungs; the smokers lung is black and broken. This tells us that smoking is not a good thing. Smokers make a choice to smoke, and other people have the power to say NO. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Every time we choose a restaurant to have a date, we go on the Internet to search for information, call the restaurant to make a booking, and finally it's time to go to the restaurant. You are eating and chatting for a while and then a person sits next to your table and starts smoking. What should you do? People like to do whatever they want, but sometimes these things harm you and others. For the health of your friends and other people, if you want to smoke you should go outside of the restaurant. Smoking should be banned because some smokers only think about themselves. There should be laws to tell them not to do so. For good health, the best way is not to touch cigarettes.﻿According to a recent study, second-hand smoke does more harm to nonsmokers than to smokers. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I'm not a smoker, and most of my friends refuse to breathe second-hand smoke in public places, such as at schools, department stores, and restaurants. Second-hand smoke causes air pollution and makes nonsmokers feel uncomfortable. The government should pay attention to this issue. Smoking not only harms the smokers but even does more harm to non-smokers. While smokers' bodies have adapted to the adverse effects of smoking, nonsmokers don't have this advantage. Restaurants are public places where everyone can visit. Smoking should be banned in the restaurant, so smokers need to obey the regulations and respect nonsmokers who don't want to breathe in the second-hand smoke. The most important thing is that our government should make laws about smoking in restaurants. Those people who smoke in the public places such as department stores, schools, and restaurants should be fined. A team should be established to catch smokers who smoke in public. It is the best way to protect nonsmokers from second-hand smoke.﻿Many people like smoking, but I think it's very bad behavior. It is easy to buy tobacco at convenience stores. Even though the staff will ask you to show your credentials, it hasn't reduced the amount of smokers. Smoking will make people unhealthier. A heavy smoker's probability of getting cancer is higher than non-smokers. It's harmful to our bodies. Even though the box of tobacco may print the pictures of people with cancer, heavy smokers don't care about it. The most important thing to them is the tobacco. I hate the smell of tobacco; it makes me short of breath, so I am grateful that no one smokes in my family. They don't harm themselves. My older brother told me when he was in army that someone tried luring him to smoke, but he refused, because he thinks health is the most important thing in the world, and the smell of tobacco is not good. I think smoking should be banned in public places, because not everyone can accept the uncomfortable smell. If every heavy smoker smoked in the public street, we would smell it in every corner, but it's harmful to our bodies.﻿There are many people smoking nowadays, most of them are males. People started smoking a long time ago. Though everyone knows that it isn't good to smoke, it can't be stopped. Cigarettes have some bad components, which are harmful to your health. According to reports, you have a very big chance of getting lung cancer if you smoke for a long part of your life. Even though we all know about the bad effects that smoking brings to us, why can't we stop smoking? Because there are some chemical components in the cigarette, which make people addicted to it. If the person doesn't smoke one day, he or she may feel uncomfortable and think that there might be something wrong. There is another reason why we can't stop smoking. There are a lot of companies who sell cigars and cigarettes around the world. If the authority made laws to stop selling their products, they may protest to the government. Many of these companies have a great effect on their country and economy, so stopping the sale of cigarettes could have a bad effect on the economy. In order to control the amount of smoking people, the government raises the price of these products, hoping people will stop buying them, but it doesn't work well at all.