It is important for college students to have a part-time job. As everyone knows, lots of college students have part-time jobs. I'm no exception. I even have many part-time jobs at the same time, such as a tutor who teaches sociology, a cram school teacher, and I work in sales, so I really agree with having a part-time job in college life. There are some reasons to explain why we should have a part-time job. First, because lots of goods are more expensive than before and families give children less pocket money, college students have to look for part-time jobs to buy many things. In addition, I think that we know many people who have their own characteristics in society, including our friends. Finally, to enhance the social experience, practice my working attitude, and gain more jobs in the future, I can't avoid doing work. And this is the main reason that college students have to have part-time jobs. In sum, having a part-time job helps me to understand that I can't give up halfway through a hard task nowadays. Besides, a boss doesn't want someone who has no skills, like a coach potato, in the company. Without a doubt, it is important for college students to have a part-time job.﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In college, most students have part-time jobs in order to pay for something, such as food and transportation. On the other hand, foreign books are very expensive. It costs about NT 1,000. So far, I have a part-time job. I think I have learned a lot from my part-time job. For instance, I have improved my communication skills and become more self-confident. In 2009, every country faced an economic recession, and many people lost their jobs. Maybe many families faced that difficult problem. To deal with the problem, students had to get a part-time job. The situation is very common in a global economic recession. If students get a part-time job, it can decrease parents' struggles. Everyone knows a high education is very expensive. Having a part-time job reduces the burden on parents and increases t students' experiences. Finally, I agree with having a part-time job in college. It is not only to earn money but also to learn a lot. We can make a lot of friends in different fields. Getting a part-time job has a lot advantages if you can manage your time. If you are good at time management, having a part-time job is a good choice in college.﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because college students have to learn how to make money and spend money. People who do not work are unable to realize the significance of money and randomly spend money. Certainly, because some university students the Gary economic agent cannot but work earn the living expenses are also one of the reasons. But work may not surpass own elevating capacity, in order to avoid the schoolwork they could not bear, instead the gain does not equal the loss, like this lost the significance which worked. Although more than half of present university students go to work, not many can give their studies proper attention. While work may enable students to experience society earlier and lighten some of the burden on the parents, if people take work too seriously and they are unable to give enough attention to their studies, they may not be able to graduate, which will increase the expenses of their studies. It is therefore important that the student's work does not conflict with their study time. ﻿When it comes to the topic of a part-time job, we normally relate it to teenagers, especially university students, nowadays. However, this phenomenon has been widely questioned by most people today, who think that the reason a student goes to a university is to study and gain knowledge instead of working and earning money. Hence, is a part-time job really good for a student or does it have a bad impact on the student? The answer is that it has pros and cons; it is only based on personal opinion. For me, having a part-time job consists of more pros than cons. For example, students who go for a part-time job can not only earn extra income but also learn how to balance their work and studies. They begin to learn how to manage their money well and, of course, when they are exposed to working life, they will definitely learn extra knowledge that is not taught in school. For example, the way they communicate with their colleagues is totally different from the way they communicate with their friends. In addition, they also learn how to be more independent and responsible. No matter how, most students go for a part-time job mainly because of financial problems such as they may have difficulty paying their tuition fees and so on. Thus, one of the fastest ways to solve their problem will be to get a part-time job. However, most of them normally face the problem of not getting enough sleep and being absent from their classes due to his or her part-time job. As a result, their performance in school may be influenced. In conclusion, getting a part-time job can be a controversial topic as it may be beneficial for someone who is willing to learn but disadvantageous for someone who is weak at managing themselves.﻿I think this is very important because college students have to work in the future, so if they can get some experience from a part-time job, I believe it is good for them. In a job, you can meet many different people, such as your colleagues, customers, and boss, you will go through many things with them, and you can learn a lot of knowledge and interesting things. Sometimes you can meet bad people, who can cause you trouble, but you have to stay calm, not get angry, and try to communicate with them. In this process, you can strengthen your mind. In addition, you can get money from a part-time job, which can lower home expenses, so, I support college students doing a part-time job. As an example, I have a part-time job in Carrefour in the summer vacation and winter vacation. One of my colleagues comes from the south of Taiwan, he is very interesting and funny and helps me understand everything. In the work, we can meet very many customers, someone can't find something, but the thing is in front of them, some can ask stupid questions, which are not related to my work, but after the question I can get a "thanks", which makes me feel content.﻿College students have to study hard in school. Should students do part-time work? I think so because I think you can learn many things from working, and we can know how to get along other people. We also learn more skills in the community. It is a way to learn other things and we can know how to live in the world. We can also know how hard our parents worked for us. If you have a part-time job, you can learn how to perform duties and learn many things. We can lighten our parents' burden. Parents should feel happy we can do it for them. I think there are two types of part-time jobs. One is fixed work. The other is unfixed work. The unfixed work involves going everywhere to work. If you think have to work every day, you should find fixed part-time work, because if you are only a student, it might be difficult to find all the jobs because you have to study in school. So, I think finding a part-time is good for us. Do you agree?﻿I agree that students should have a part-time job. As a student, they are more comfortable in life, so the parents must demand that their child search for a part-time job, as this is independence. Firstly, students will understand that making a living is hard and learn to increase income and decrease expenditure. For example, standing for eight hours in hot weather to hand out flyers to passersby is very tiring. So they will not only save the money in the bank but barely draw any money from the bank because money is hard to earn. Secondly, more and more college students choose to take part-time jobs in or outside school. At the beginning, they couldn't do well at all and often made mistakes. Gradually, they could do a very good job, and then they feel very excited when they receive a pay check for the first time. This encourages me to make up my mind to find another part-time job at every chance. Finally, students can learn how deal with the relationship between working and learning. If they can balance it well, they can think they are sure to get enough knowledge as well as work experience to prepare for future success.﻿I think during the period of university we should try to work part-time, but achievements are very important. So, we should do appropriate part-time jobs. The jobs should be based on our academic studies. When you find part-time work, it will affect your studies. Students should concentrate on their studies. After all, students' work is to study and graduate. Part-time work is very important, but it is not more important than studying. If it will not affect my academic performance, I think I will try to do a part-time job. It is good for students to have part-time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among young people. After-school work enhances a young person's social development. After-school work also teaches students how hard it is to earn money and helps develop thriftiness in the younger generation. Because they earn money, students can pay for their education and thus they will value their education even more. And, in return, their experience will make them understand better what they have learned in classes and books. Part-time work allows us to learn many things. But students should not spend too much time on part-time work. I believe that when we graduate from university, part-time work clearly pays a very small salary. But we learned some life experience before graduating. Part-time work is obviously good for some people. These experiences are important.﻿I agree that is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, as a freshman in society, I wanted to find a job recently. When I mail my resume or my work experience to employer, I never receive an answer. I try to find an explanation; it's maybe because I have less work experience than other people. Second, a part-time job can train students' personal time management; a lot of college students are used to being like superman, which means college students use half of 24 hours to sleep, play computer games, do night active, and so on. But they can't spend time resting, studying, or doing something good! Third, part-time jobs can earn more cash. College students have more and more opportunities to join a lot of parties or buy something we like; we need money to do this. More and more families can't offer much more money to their children now, so perhaps they think how to solve this question, and part-time jobs may be useful!! So I think part-time jobs can train college students to have more work experiences or be independent. So I agree it is important for college students have a part-time job.﻿I agree that students should get a part-time job. I think a part-time job has positive and negative effects. The advantage is that you can learn more about how to socialize with other people; this can help you to find jobs when you graduate. The disadvantage is that you may need more time to study, or your grades will be so bad that you could flunk out of school. A part-time job can have both positive and negative effects on a person. First of all, students will be able to earn more money in order to pay their tuition, their rent, or buy whatever their heart desires. Moreover, one can learn how to socialize with others, which is beneficial when looking for a job upon graduation. However, the time needed for one to study diminishes. This can cause one's grades to drop drastically, which may, in turn, cause one to fail. In conclusion, students should only get a part-time job if they are able to handle their studies as well. Students who have a part-time job enter the society earlier than those who haven't. While working part-time, students experience how the society functions and learn how to deal with issues maturely. Having a part-time job could give the students hands-on experience to test their skills and see whether they are interested in the field of work. Additionally, students working at an early age encounter the hardship of earning a living themselves; therefore, they treasure and view money differently. Students with a job could also help out their family's finances.