I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not only would it make the restaurants look nice, but it would also let everybody have a good meal time in the restaurant without and smoke. For example, I had a meal with my friends in a restaurant near our neighborhood. A lot of people spoke and yelled loudly and were even drinking too much. However, the most important thing was that some people who looked like evil men were smoking continuously. It smelled so disgusting that I felt a little dizzy. I was really unhappy, but I could do nothing to prevent it. All I could do was leave the restaurant. That's why I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Many people are dating, chatting, and studying in the restaurants. I think that smokers are bad for letting other people breathe their second-hand smoke. In addition, according to research, it is easier for people who breathe second-hand smoke to get a disease than smokers. Without our health, we can't enjoy the good things in life. To sum up, no smoking at all the restaurants in the country is a good way, and I hope it can apply to every place.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. According to hospital statistics, smoking is bad for children, the elderly, and adults. Smoking can harm our health, especially our lungs. If you smoke a lot, you can cough a lot. On the other hand, buying cigarettes is very expensive, as it includes a health tax. If you quit smoking, you can save a lot of money. On television, the ads to ban smoking are popular. Most celebrities on TV tell everybody the dangers of smoking. As for me, I hate people who are addicted to smoking, and I also hate the smell of smoke. Because my sister is a nurse, I learned a lot from her. She has taught me about the dangers of smoking. Smoking is very risky and harmful. I don't think anyone should smoke in public, especially in restaurants. That behavior should be banned strictly. People should respect others. In public, we should speak quietly and not smoke. I think the government should make a strict rule for restaurants to follow. If people smoke at a restaurant, they should get a fine. For everyone's health, banning smoking in public is very important. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.﻿Smoking is harmful to health; therefore, many countries forbid smoking in public places. Although when they are smoking, smokers are very comfortable, the second-hand smoke that reaches others is harmful, because the smoke contains carcinogenic chemical substances, which raises the probability of getting cancer to higher than that of the smoker. Therefore, in public places, these smokers are being unfair. If the smoker wants to smoke, they should select a place with good air circulation, so it will not hinder others. They will also enjoy smoking well and will not need to accept others' advice again. If restaurants establish a smoking area, this benefits the smoker and isolates the smoker from other people, so they cannot smell the tobacco from a distance; this is good for everybody. Actually smoking is not good to the body, and such law may cause the smoker to stop smoking; this is actually advantageous and is harmless for the body.﻿Nowadays, the number of smokers has increased dramatically whereby even small kids know how to smoke. If this situation continues without any remediation, the consequences will be unpredictable. Many of us know that smoking is a bad practice, but even with all the information that states the effects of smoking, why do some people still need to smoke? One of the common reasons that leads a person to smoke is that he or she wants to release stress. Some people believe that they will actually feel better and more relaxed after they have a cigarette. However, there are a lot of other methods that can be used to release stress such as listening to music and having a conversation with friends. Therefore, why do people still choose a foolish way to release stress since there are so many other alternative ways? Every year, our government spends billions of money to stop people from smoking, such as organizing smoking campaigns to educate the youngsters to avoid smoking. Our government even restricts the selling of cigarettes to all youngsters under the age of 18. However, is this really effective? No, the fact is we can still find lots of underage smokers. It seems that the efforts from the government to prevent people from smoking still need significant improvements. However, the most important thing is that the smokers have to start changing their thoughts about smoking and their behavior or else the efforts our government has made will still be useless. I believe education plays a role, but it should start with small children. As a result, the chance for that child to become a smoker in the future will be lower. In addition, another important factor that may affect whether a child becomes a smoker is the behavior of the parents; parents who are smokers increase the chance of the children in that particular family to become smokers too. In conclusion, there are no specific ways to control and stop people from smoking but there are some ways to prevent people from smoking. Make the earth better and give yourself a better life; say "No" to cigarettes and be against smoking starting from today.﻿We should completely ban smoking in the restaurants because smoking can hurt all people's health. Some people really don't like the smell of smoke, or even hate the smell of smoke. The restaurant is a place to eat, and I think no one likes to smell smoke when they are eating. Sometimes in the restaurant, there are children and babies with their mothers, the smoke is not good for them and can affect their health. The restaurant is a closed room, so the smoke can fill the restaurant. So if you have to smoke, you should go out of the restaurant, to lower the effect. According to figures, the number of people who has died from second-hand smoke is more than smokers, so smokers are just like killers, but they do not know that they are killing people. Although some restaurants have set smoking places, you can still smell the smoke even when seated outside of the smoking place, which can still affect people's health. I think if you really want to smoke, you can try another thing instead such as candy, or something you can put in your mouth that doesn't hurt yourself and other people. I think this is the best way to solve the problem if you want to smoke in a restaurant.﻿Smoking in the restaurant? Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think I agree. Smoking has to be banned in the all restaurants because smoking is harmful for all people. People are happy to eat food in a restaurant, but if one guy is smoking, I think many people are very unhappy. It is not very polite. I think it should be rule in the country. If we have a rule, we can let people know that smoking is wrong in restaurants. So I think it should be a rule in restaurants. I think it will reduce the very bad example for children. Public places are for everyone, but many people don't like the taste of smoke. Smoking is very bad especially for children and students. Smoking is a very bad example, so we can't learn this bad smoking habit. I also don't like to smoke because smoking makes our health bad. If you go to see a hospital, you should know to pay attention to our health every day. So people shouldn't smoke in public places, not only in restaurants. We should know this rule. It is to avoid harming other people.﻿I agree that smoking should be banned in public restaurants. Some governments have banned smoking in all public places. This is a good idea, even though it takes away some of our freedom. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. Smoking can lead to many diseases, such as lung cancer, and smoking affects non-smokers more than it does smokers. The ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers. So many nonsmokers are against smoking. Therefore, a government ban on smoking is very necessary and important to us. It is a measure to protect our health and the environment, so many people, especially nonsmokers, agree with policy. Some people say that it takes away some of our freedom, but I think this is a one-sided view. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in a public restaurant. In fact, smokers still have the freedom to smoke. But I think smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places, but also in public restaurants and everywhere. It will be beneficial to all of us. Smokers and nonsmokers thoughts are different, but they must communicate to achieve the goal of no smoking in public restaurants, to protect our health and the environment.﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I would argue that people should have the right to choose whether they smoke or not. However, even though people should not smoke in a room where there are non-smokers, they should be free to smoke elsewhere. Smoking not only spoils a particular person's health but it also affects his or her entire family. It's a curse. Today we are all sensible and we know what the disadvantages of smoking are, but we must stop this poison spreading in our society, country, and home. In short, people should not smoke in public spaces. If I went into a restaurant, and while I was waiting for my food to come, I smelled the smell of smoke, it would ruin my appetite. In my opinion, smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the nonsmokers present there but also may cause many people to cough. Besides, many youngsters who are fascinated by the act of smoking try to imitate it, which may later develop into a habit. All in all, smoking in public places is not good behavior. We should try to ban people from smoking in public places. To prohibit by law is obviously the best way.﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two ways to instruct it. First, for personal health, I've heard a phrase "Health is Wealth", which means that people who have a healthy body and keep themselves well perhaps have a lot of money in their personal life! Smoking can encourage the body to become sick. When someone is smoking, it can harm his or her body a lot! Especially cancer. For example, when someone is smoking, that smoke will go through their mouth and throat and arrive at the heart. Day after day, the body can't restore its health; it's a big question in life! Second, for friends, neighborhood, classmates, or strangers around us, second-hand smoking is terrible, because it has a bad composition; it is worse than it is for a smoker. Most people don't like to make themselves do something they don't like. So for the reasons of personal health and second-hand smoking, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. But I know this ban may make smokers unhappy, because this ban stops smokers from smoking everywhere. I think they will still have a smoking habit in their life, but this ban is based on fairness for everybody, so when a smoker wants to smoke at a restaurant, they must think of other people's wishes.﻿I agree. I think smoking should be absolutely prohibited in restaurants because it will affect the health of the non-smokers there. This is unfair. Although smoking is not illegal, it is really a bad deed to force others to breathe in second-hand smoke. Therefore, I think smoking in restaurants should surely be banned. Moreover, the number of customers will decrease because some people are afraid of second-hand smoke in the restaurants and will avoid going there. This makes the restaurants suffer a financial loss. Three years ago, I had my dinner in a restaurant. While I was eating, I smelt a kind of disgusting odor. At that moment, I discovered someone smoking, so I forwarded my complaint to the staff of the restaurant. But the staff said that the smokers had the right to smoke there since there had not been any law to restrain them. I was extremely angry. Luckily there are laws to restrain smokers nowadays. This is good news for the non-smokers. It allows Taiwan to have fresh air that will no longer be polluted by smokers. Smoking is actually so annoying that the laws against it should have been set up even earlier.